GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 3 words.
GUESS #2: acrid
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: cigar
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 31 words.
GUESS #2: outer
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 16 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: rebut
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 53 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: wispy
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: fishy
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: missy
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: sissy
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 19 words.
GUESS #3: munch
filtering with yellow letter: m
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: humph
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 74 words.
GUESS #2: shale
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: knave
filtering with yellow letter: k
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: quake
filtering with gray letter: q
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: awake
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 38 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: blush
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 59 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: focal
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 74 words.
GUESS #2: shale
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: knave
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: v
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: evade
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 51 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: salon
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: naval
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 153 words.
GUESS #2: rouse
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: serve
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 151 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 10 words.
GUESS #2: death
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: heath
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 18 words.
GUESS #2: shard
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 6 words.
GUESS #3: dwarf
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 25 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: model
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 26 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: marsh
filtering with yellow letter: m
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: karma
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: stink
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 27 words.
GUESS #2: grace
filtering with green letter: g
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: grade
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 73 words.
GUESS #2: fetid
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: quiet
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 35 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 9 words.
GUESS #3: bench
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 151 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 5 words.
GUESS #2: slate
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: ovate
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: abate
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 183 words.
GUESS #2: deign
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 15 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: feign
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: manor
filtering with green letter: m
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: major
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 151 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 10 words.
GUESS #2: death
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 56 words.
GUESS #2: credo
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: fresh
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: crust
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with green letter: s
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: stomp
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: stony
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: stock
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: stool
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 56 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 11 words.
GUESS #3: colon
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 74 words.
GUESS #2: shale
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 33 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: usage
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: abase
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 13 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: harpy
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: marry
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 38 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 8 words.
GUESS #2: react
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 298 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 12 words.
GUESS #2: nasty
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: batty
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 33 words.
GUESS #2: pride
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 48 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: floss
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 183 words.
GUESS #2: deign
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 15 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: helix
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 165 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: groan
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: croak
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 126 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 17 words.
GUESS #2: slant
filtering with green letter: s
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: stack
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: stamp
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: staff
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
filtering with green letter: p
removed 41 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: payer
filtering with green letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: paper
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 35 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 20 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: unfed
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 41 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: welsh
filtering with green letter: w
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: whelp
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 45 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 2 words.
GUESS #2: craft
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: trawl
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 23 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: outdo
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 172 words.
GUESS #2: angle
filtering with green letter: a
removed 28 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: adobe
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 15 words.
GUESS #2: crank
filtering with green letter: c
removed 20 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: crash
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: crazy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 53 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 19 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: sower
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 40 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: repay
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: unlit
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: digit
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 53 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
GUESS #2: crate
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 38 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: pluck
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: cluck
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with green letter: s
removed 37 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: smile
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: spike
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: disco
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: mimic
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 72 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 26 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: hound
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: pound
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 13 words.
GUESS #2: anvil
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: basic
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: maxim
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 183 words.
GUESS #2: deign
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 8 words.
GUESS #3: elfin
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: liken
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: linen
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 36 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: unmet
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 56 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: flesh
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 72 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: howdy
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: foggy
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: boozy
filtering with green letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: z
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: booby
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 250 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 3 words.
GUESS #2: forth
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 68 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 7 words.
GUESS #2: shirt
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: first
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 126 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 17 words.
GUESS #2: slant
filtering with green letter: s
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: stand
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 41 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: welsh
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: belly
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2275 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 26 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 3 words.
GUESS #2: ivory
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 35 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 20 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: seedy
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 48 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 4 words.
GUESS #2: drift
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: print
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 28 words.
GUESS #2: ready
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: yearn
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 64 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: drain
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 33 words.
GUESS #2: pride
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: brine
filtering with green letter: b
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: bribe
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with green letter: s
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: snout
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: spout
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: scout
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: stout
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 32 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: panel
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 15 words.
GUESS #2: crank
filtering with green letter: c
removed 20 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: crash
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: crass
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 56 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: flume
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 59 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: focal
filtering with yellow letter: f
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: offal
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 104 words.
GUESS #2: range
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: agree
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 56 words.
GUESS #2: credo
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: error
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 41 words.
GUESS #2: choir
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: risky
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: swirl
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 165 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 21 words.
GUESS #2: argue
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 56 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: clued
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: bleed
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 298 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 25 words.
GUESS #2: delta
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: slick
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: flick
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 42 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: motel
filtering with yellow letter: m
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: totem
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 53 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: cower
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: w
removed 13 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: wooer
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: crust
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: front
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with green letter: s
removed 47 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: shrub
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 13 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: harpy
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: parry
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 19 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: biome
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with green letter: l
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: lapel
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 38 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 4 words.
GUESS #2: smart
filtering with green letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: start
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 81 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 20 words.
GUESS #2: crept
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: wrest
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: greet
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 53 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: cower
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: hover
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: goner
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 25 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: vowel
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: golem
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 492 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 16 words.
GUESS #2: youth
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: lusty
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with green letter: l
removed 183 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: loopy
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 13 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 14 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: round
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 58 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: saint
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: audit
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with yellow letter: m
removed 106 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: gamma
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 13 words.
GUESS #3: labor
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2275 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 4 words.
GUESS #2: inlet
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: islet
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: disco
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: mimic
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: civic
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 153 words.
GUESS #2: rouse
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 24 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: forge
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 36 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: corny
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 23 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: mount
filtering with green letter: m
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: moult
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 13 words.
GUESS #2: anvil
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: basic
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 22 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 28 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: salvo
filtering with green letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: salad
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 151 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 5 words.
GUESS #2: slate
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: ovate
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: abate
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: agate
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 53 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: spicy
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 13 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: spray
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
GUESS #3: speak
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: essay
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: glory
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: fjord
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 35 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 20 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: spend
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
GUESS #3: speak
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: kebab
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 15 words.
GUESS #3: guild
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 37 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: whack
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: quack
filtering with gray letter: q
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: aback
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 32 words.
GUESS #2: torus
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: motor
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 172 words.
GUESS #2: angle
filtering with green letter: a
removed 28 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: alone
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 16 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: patch
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: watch
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: batch
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: match
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #7: hatch
correct! got it in 7 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: under
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: cyber
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: hyper
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 23 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: thumb
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: dowry
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 23 words.
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: ought
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 41 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: welsh
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 2 words.
GUESS #4: belch
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 23 words.
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: dutch
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 41 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: pilot
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: tweed
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 42 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: comet
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 16 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 11 words.
GUESS #3: jaunt
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 10 words.
GUESS #3: sneak
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: enema
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: steed
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 59 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 20 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: abyss
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: crowd
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: w
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: grown
filtering with green letter: g
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: w
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: growl
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 16 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: fling
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 14 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 20 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: dozen
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 72 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: howdy
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: foggy
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: boozy
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 59 words.
GUESS #2: prone
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: drove
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: erode
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: dowry
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: world
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: coupe
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: gouge
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: slick
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: flick
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: click
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 68 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 1 words.
GUESS #2: briar
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 165 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 23 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
GUESS #2: great
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 118 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 14 words.
GUESS #2: stray
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: altar
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 38 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 23 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: bulky
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: pulpy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 32 words.
GUESS #2: torus
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: blurt
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 126 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 17 words.
GUESS #2: slant
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: coast
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: dumpy
filtering with green letter: d
removed 16 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: duchy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 20 words.
GUESS #2: brink
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: groin
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 30 words.
GUESS #2: risen
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: diver
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: fixer
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: crowd
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 7 words.
GUESS #3: group
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 153 words.
GUESS #2: rouse
filtering with green letter: r
removed 31 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: rogue
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 22 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 31 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: sadly
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: badly
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 38 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 4 words.
GUESS #2: smart
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 48 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 6 words.
GUESS #3: pitch
filtering with green letter: p
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: pithy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 22 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 15 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: saucy
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: gaudy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: slick
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: child
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
GUESS #5: chill
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 68 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: heron
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 59 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 20 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: squad
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: q
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: vodka
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 30 words.
GUESS #2: risen
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 10 words.
GUESS #3: finer
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 35 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: usher
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: super
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: surer
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 3 words.
GUESS #2: acrid
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: radio
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 153 words.
GUESS #2: rouse
filtering with green letter: r
removed 31 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: rouge
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 18 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: decry
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: perch
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 31 words.
GUESS #2: outer
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: entry
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: retch
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 104 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 3 words.
GUESS #2: wrote
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 48 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: blown
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: flock
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: clock
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 78 words.
GUESS #2: utile
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: tilde
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 55 words.
GUESS #2: store
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 59 words.
GUESS #2: prone
filtering with green letter: p
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: prove
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 20 words.
GUESS #2: brink
filtering with green letter: b
removed 19 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: bring
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 56 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: solve
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 59 words.
GUESS #2: steal
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: wheat
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: cheat
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 33 words.
GUESS #2: pride
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: brine
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: grime
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: cleft
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: exult
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 35 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: usher
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: epoch
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 68 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: triad
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 165 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 14 words.
GUESS #2: break
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 41 words.
GUESS #2: choir
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 14 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: rhino
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 3 words.
GUESS #2: acrid
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: viral
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: cumin
filtering with green letter: c
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: conic
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 172 words.
GUESS #2: angle
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: cause
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: masse
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: cumin
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: sonic
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 58 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: saint
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: vital
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 45 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 9 words.
GUESS #2: trace
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 31 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 13 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: using
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 103 words.
GUESS #2: heady
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: leach
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: peach
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 37 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: champ
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 16 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 16 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: baton
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 27 words.
GUESS #2: grace
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: brake
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 38 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: pluck
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 27 words.
GUESS #2: grace
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: craze
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 33 words.
GUESS #2: pride
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: gripe
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 28 words.
GUESS #2: ready
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: weary
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 53 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: wispy
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: picky
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 298 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 17 words.
GUESS #2: saute
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: acute
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 18 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: decry
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: ferry
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 44 words.
GUESS #2: alive
filtering with green letter: a
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: aside
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 88 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 20 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: tapir
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: crust
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: troll
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 53 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: unify
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 35 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: serum
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: rebus
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 44 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: boost
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: crust
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: truss
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with green letter: s
removed 37 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: siege
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 68 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 8 words.
GUESS #2: merit
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: tiger
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 45 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: banal
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 38 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: slunk
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: slump
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 15 words.
GUESS #2: crank
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 153 words.
GUESS #2: rouse
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 24 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: forge
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: gorge
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 18 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: decry
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: query
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 20 words.
GUESS #2: brink
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: drink
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: manor
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: favor
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: askew
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: abbey
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with green letter: t
removed 39 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: tangy
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 13 words.
GUESS #2: anvil
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: cabin
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: panic
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 38 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: solar
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 57 words.
GUESS #2: shire
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: crowd
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 7 words.
GUESS #3: group
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 2 words.
GUESS #4: proxy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 34 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: point
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 32 words.
GUESS #2: torus
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: motor
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: robot
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 20 words.
GUESS #2: brink
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 11 words.
GUESS #3: prick
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 19 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: wince
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 20 words.
GUESS #2: brink
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: crimp
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 48 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: blown
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: knoll
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 26 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: scrap
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: sugar
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 37 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: whack
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 23 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: mount
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 18 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: decry
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: perky
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 56 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: could
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: crowd
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 22 words.
filtering with yellow letter: w
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: wrung
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 48 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: light
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 101 words.
GUESS #2: those
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 34 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: moist
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 18 words.
GUESS #2: shard
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 59 words.
GUESS #2: steal
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: pleat
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 16 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 22 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: aloft
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: slick
filtering with green letter: s
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: k
removed 2 words.
GUESS #4: skill
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: ulcer
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: flyer
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: elder
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 27 words.
GUESS #2: grace
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: brake
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: frame
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 13 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: humor
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 172 words.
GUESS #2: angle
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: cause
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: pause
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: ulcer
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 118 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 14 words.
GUESS #2: stray
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: abort
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: ultra
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 41 words.
GUESS #2: choir
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: robin
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 77 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: cynic
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 165 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: groan
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: aroma
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 22 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 31 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: caulk
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 74 words.
GUESS #2: shale
filtering with green letter: s
removed 28 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: shake
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: dodge
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: slick
filtering with green letter: s
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: swill
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 58 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: saint
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: habit
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: tacit
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 31 words.
GUESS #2: outer
filtering with green letter: o
removed 24 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: other
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 32 words.
GUESS #2: torus
filtering with green letter: t
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: thorn
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 81 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 25 words.
GUESS #2: trove
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 56 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: glove
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: bloke
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: disco
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: vivid
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: slick
filtering with green letter: s
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: swill
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: spill
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 126 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 17 words.
GUESS #2: slant
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: chant
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 36 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: phone
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: choke
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 153 words.
GUESS #2: rouse
filtering with green letter: r
removed 31 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: rupee
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 298 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 12 words.
GUESS #2: nasty
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 13 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 14 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: round
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: mourn
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: decay
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: ahead
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 33 words.
GUESS #2: pride
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: brine
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 492 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 16 words.
GUESS #2: youth
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: cloth
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 18 words.
GUESS #2: shard
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: hoard
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: sweet
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 492 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 16 words.
GUESS #2: youth
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: month
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 172 words.
GUESS #2: angle
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: salve
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: lapse
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 16 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: patch
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: watch
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with green letter: t
removed 39 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: today
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 72 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 38 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: focus
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: spelt
filtering with green letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: smelt
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 126 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 33 words.
GUESS #2: stale
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: tease
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 118 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: later
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: cater
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: olive
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: movie
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 298 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 17 words.
GUESS #2: saute
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 59 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: focal
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: aglow
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: w
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: allow
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 17 words.
GUESS #3: renew
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 68 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 8 words.
GUESS #2: merit
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: their
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 48 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: floss
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: slosh
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 153 words.
GUESS #2: rouse
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 14 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: purge
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: spelt
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: guest
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: chest
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 42 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: depot
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: epoch
filtering with green letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: epoxy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 45 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: nymph
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 72 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 26 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: hound
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: pound
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: found
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with green letter: s
removed 40 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: shawl
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: shall
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 13 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: harpy
filtering with green letter: h
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: hardy
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: harry
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 101 words.
GUESS #2: those
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: stove
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with green letter: l
removed 183 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: loopy
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: lowly
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with green letter: s
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: snout
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 81 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 25 words.
GUESS #2: trove
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: trope
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: under
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: cyber
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: fewer
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with green letter: s
removed 40 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: shawl
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 16 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: natal
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with yellow letter: m
removed 106 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: comma
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 38 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: foray
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 30 words.
GUESS #2: scare
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 105 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: stair
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 37 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 13 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: black
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 59 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 20 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: squad
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 38 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: chunk
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 19 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: wince
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: mince
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 74 words.
GUESS #2: shale
filtering with green letter: s
removed 28 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: shake
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: shame
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 35 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: sheep
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: cheek
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 172 words.
GUESS #2: angle
filtering with green letter: a
removed 28 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: ample
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 105 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: flair
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 53 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: cower
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: hover
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: goner
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: poker
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #7: foyer
correct! got it in 7 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: manor
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: cargo
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: olive
filtering with green letter: o
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: oxide
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 126 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 17 words.
GUESS #2: slant
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 16 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: plant
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: olive
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2275 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 26 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
GUESS #2: inert
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: askew
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 73 words.
GUESS #2: fetid
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: heist
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: shock
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: shown
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 492 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: hefty
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: zesty
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 298 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 12 words.
GUESS #2: nasty
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: hasty
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 45 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 2 words.
GUESS #2: craft
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: trawl
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: trash
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 32 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: fecal
filtering with green letter: f
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: fella
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 26 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 7 words.
GUESS #3: larva
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: dowry
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: morph
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: forgo
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 32 words.
GUESS #2: torus
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 10 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: story
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 3 words.
GUESS #2: acrid
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: hairy
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 64 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: train
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 53 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: cower
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: hover
filtering with green letter: h
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: homer
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 172 words.
GUESS #2: angle
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 20 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: gauze
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: z
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: badge
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: midst
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 45 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: candy
filtering with green letter: c
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: canny
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 7 words.
GUESS #3: fetus
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 23 words.
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: dutch
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: butch
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 104 words.
GUESS #2: range
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: farce
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 38 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: slunk
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: slung
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 10 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: tipsy
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 59 words.
GUESS #2: steal
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: metal
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 183 words.
GUESS #2: deign
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: yield
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 56 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: delve
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 183 words.
GUESS #2: deign
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 15 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: being
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: flash
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: glass
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: wager
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: gamer
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 26 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: scrap
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 6 words.
GUESS #3: money
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 19 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: hinge
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with yellow letter: m
removed 106 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: album
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 72 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 26 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: hound
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: cough
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: vouch
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 59 words.
GUESS #2: steal
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 24 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: asset
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 105 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: stair
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: tiara
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 81 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 20 words.
GUESS #2: crept
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 22 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 20 words.
GUESS #3: bayou
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 16 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 22 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: aloft
filtering with green letter: a
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: atoll
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: manor
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 165 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 14 words.
GUESS #2: break
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: creak
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 13 words.
GUESS #3: showy
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 74 words.
GUESS #2: shale
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 33 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: phase
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 104 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 2 words.
GUESS #2: froth
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 492 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: hefty
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: depth
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 48 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: blown
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: flock
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: gloom
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 48 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: blown
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: flock
filtering with green letter: f
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: flood
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 64 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: train
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: trail
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: trait
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 79 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: girth
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 308 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 24 words.
GUESS #2: piety
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
filtering with green letter: p
removed 41 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: payer
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: copse
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: goose
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 16 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 22 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: aloft
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: f
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: float
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 11 words.
GUESS #3: donor
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 80 words.
GUESS #2: bathe
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: atone
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 20 words.
GUESS #2: brink
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: crimp
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: m
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: primo
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: manor
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: apron
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 48 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: blown
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 22 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 19 words.
GUESS #3: havoc
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: cacao
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2275 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 3 words.
GUESS #2: ingot
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: input
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 16 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 22 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: aloft
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: gloat
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 59 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: focal
filtering with yellow letter: f
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: awful
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 20 words.
GUESS #2: brink
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 308 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 19 words.
GUESS #2: suite
filtering with green letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: smite
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 103 words.
GUESS #2: heady
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: beady
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 250 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 3 words.
GUESS #2: forth
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: rusty
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 31 words.
GUESS #2: outer
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 23 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: metro
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: retro
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: crowd
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 11 words.
GUESS #3: droll
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 22 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 15 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: saucy
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: bawdy
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: w
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: gawky
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 23 words.
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: dutch
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: butch
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: hutch
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 308 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 9 words.
GUESS #2: minty
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: pinto
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 13 words.
GUESS #2: anvil
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: gaily
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 31 words.
GUESS #2: outer
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: threw
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: egret
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 13 words.
GUESS #2: anvil
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: gaily
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: lilac
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 35 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: usher
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: sever
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 183 words.
GUESS #2: deign
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: yield
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: field
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 38 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: pluck
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: flung
filtering with green letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: fluff
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: dowry
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: hydro
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 37 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 13 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: black
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: flack
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 74 words.
GUESS #2: shale
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: knave
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: agape
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: olive
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: voice
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 59 words.
GUESS #2: steal
filtering with green letter: s
removed 20 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: stead
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 126 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 17 words.
GUESS #2: slant
filtering with green letter: s
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: stalk
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 250 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 7 words.
GUESS #2: berth
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with green letter: m
removed 102 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: macho
filtering with green letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: madam
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 48 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: light
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: night
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 37 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 13 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: bland
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 30 words.
GUESS #2: risen
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: diver
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: v
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: liver
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: pence
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: wedge
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 26 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: marsh
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: augur
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: glory
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: roomy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 22 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 15 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: saucy
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: wacky
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 48 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: blown
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: flock
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 13 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: harpy
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: angry
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 72 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: howdy
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: foggy
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: boozy
filtering with green letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: z
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: bobby
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 56 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
GUESS #2: write
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: trite
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 13 words.
GUESS #2: anvil
filtering with green letter: a
removed 26 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: aphid
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: crust
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: frost
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: tryst
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 19 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: bilge
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: midge
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 53 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: cower
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: w
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: power
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 56 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: glove
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: bloke
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: clone
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: elope
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: cumin
filtering with green letter: c
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: cinch
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 492 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 16 words.
GUESS #2: youth
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: motto
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with green letter: s
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: stomp
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 30 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: upset
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 38 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: pluck
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: flung
filtering with yellow letter: f
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: bluff
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 15 words.
GUESS #2: crank
filtering with green letter: c
removed 20 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: crash
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: crazy
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: z
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: cramp
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 38 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 4 words.
GUESS #2: smart
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: quart
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 56 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: godly
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: nobly
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: coyly
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 492 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 16 words.
GUESS #2: youth
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 153 words.
GUESS #2: rouse
filtering with green letter: r
removed 31 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: rhyme
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: dumpy
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: funky
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: buggy
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 51 words.
GUESS #2: alien
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 20 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: smear
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: unlit
filtering with green letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: unfit
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 298 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 12 words.
GUESS #2: nasty
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: batty
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: patty
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 16 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: fling
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: cling
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 32 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 6 words.
GUESS #3: glean
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with green letter: l
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: lapel
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: label
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: dumpy
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: funky
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: hunky
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 409 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 1 words.
GUESS #2: snail
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: khaki
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 53 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: cower
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: hover
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: goner
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: poker
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 56 words.
GUESS #2: credo
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: gruel
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 78 words.
GUESS #2: utile
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: twice
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 126 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 17 words.
GUESS #2: slant
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: twang
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with green letter: s
removed 47 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: shrub
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: shrug
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 165 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 23 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
GUESS #2: great
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: treat
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: unlit
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 298 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 17 words.
GUESS #2: saute
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: waste
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 68 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 8 words.
GUESS #2: merit
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 6 words.
GUESS #3: woven
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 16 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 22 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: aloft
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: octal
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 35 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 20 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: spend
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: needy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 48 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: blown
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: w
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: clown
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: disco
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: widow
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2275 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 32 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: irony
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: under
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: ruder
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 172 words.
GUESS #2: angle
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 20 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: gauze
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 183 words.
GUESS #2: deign
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: chief
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 33 words.
GUESS #2: pride
filtering with green letter: p
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: prize
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 16 words.
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 12 words.
GUESS #3: dingo
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: fungi
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 18 words.
GUESS #2: shard
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: charm
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 38 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 23 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: bulky
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: pulpy
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: gully
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2275 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 26 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
GUESS #2: inert
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: inter
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: chock
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: whoop
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with green letter: t
removed 39 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: tangy
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: taunt
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with green letter: l
removed 85 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: leery
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: clasp
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: clash
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
GUESS #5: class
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 101 words.
GUESS #2: those
filtering with green letter: t
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: thyme
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: theme
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 492 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 16 words.
GUESS #2: youth
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: lofty
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 58 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: saint
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: vital
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: tibia
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: dodge
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: booze
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 59 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: focal
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: alpha
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 101 words.
GUESS #2: those
filtering with green letter: t
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: thyme
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 59 words.
GUESS #2: steal
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: eclat
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 23 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: mount
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: doubt
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
filtering with green letter: p
removed 41 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: payer
filtering with green letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: paper
filtering with green letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: parer
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 492 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 35 words.
GUESS #2: quote
filtering with gray letter: q
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: chute
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: stink
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 2 words.
GUESS #4: stick
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 48 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 8 words.
GUESS #2: trice
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 44 words.
GUESS #2: alive
filtering with green letter: a
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: alike
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 492 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 16 words.
GUESS #2: youth
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: month
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: sooth
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 40 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: repay
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: recap
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 58 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: saint
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 19 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: bilge
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: liege
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: glory
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 53 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
GUESS #2: crate
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: grate
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 58 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: saint
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: audit
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: admit
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 20 words.
GUESS #2: brink
filtering with green letter: b
removed 19 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: brisk
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 72 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 16 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 22 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: soggy
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 60 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: usurp
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with green letter: s
removed 40 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: scald
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with green letter: s
removed 47 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: scorn
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 74 words.
GUESS #2: shale
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: blaze
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: z
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: leave
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 78 words.
GUESS #2: utile
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: twice
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: w
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: twine
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: stink
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: sting
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 72 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 26 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: hound
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: cough
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: bough
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 26 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: marsh
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 492 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 16 words.
GUESS #2: youth
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: cloth
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: sloth
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 45 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: candy
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: handy
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: sandy
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: dandy
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 41 words.
GUESS #2: choir
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: vigor
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 72 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: howdy
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 10 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: envoy
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: enjoy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 13 words.
GUESS #2: anvil
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: v
removed 13 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: valid
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2275 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 4 words.
GUESS #2: ionic
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 32 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: fecal
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 2 words.
GUESS #4: equal
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 36 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: unset
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: floor
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 16 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: patch
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: watch
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: batch
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: match
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #7: hatch
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #8: catch
correct! got it in 8 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 74 words.
GUESS #2: shale
filtering with green letter: s
removed 28 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: spade
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 73 words.
GUESS #2: fetid
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: stein
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 73 words.
GUESS #2: fetid
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: quiet
filtering with gray letter: q
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: exist
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 41 words.
GUESS #2: choir
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: risky
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: k
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: quirk
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 183 words.
GUESS #2: deign
filtering with green letter: d
removed 34 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: denim
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 59 words.
GUESS #2: prone
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: drove
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: v
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: grove
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 183 words.
GUESS #2: deign
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: chief
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: spiel
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: dumpy
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: m
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: gummy
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: mummy
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 16 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: fault
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 72 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: howdy
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: foggy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 23 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: flout
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 13 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: harpy
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: marry
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: carry
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 10 words.
GUESS #3: sneak
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 183 words.
GUESS #2: deign
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
GUESS #3: pixel
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: x
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: libel
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 298 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 12 words.
GUESS #2: nasty
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: waltz
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 16 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 22 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: aptly
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 183 words.
GUESS #2: deign
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 9 words.
GUESS #3: piney
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2275 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 4 words.
GUESS #2: inlet
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: inept
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 59 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: focal
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: aglow
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: aloud
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 492 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 16 words.
GUESS #2: youth
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: photo
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 165 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 14 words.
GUESS #2: break
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: dream
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 126 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 33 words.
GUESS #2: stale
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 34 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: vomit
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 153 words.
GUESS #2: rouse
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 24 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: ombre
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 45 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: candy
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: pansy
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: fanny
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 308 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 19 words.
GUESS #2: suite
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: unite
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 18 words.
GUESS #2: shard
filtering with green letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: scarf
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: snarl
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: wager
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: baker
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 55 words.
GUESS #2: store
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: there
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 38 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: glyph
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 72 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 16 words.
GUESS #3: conch
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: pooch
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 53 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: wispy
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: p
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: hippy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 41 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: welsh
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 2 words.
GUESS #4: spell
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 56 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: godly
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: nobly
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: coyly
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: folly
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 38 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 23 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 6 words.
GUESS #3: gulch
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 16 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: fault
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: vault
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 56 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: godly
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 31 words.
GUESS #2: outer
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: threw
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: duvet
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: fleet
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 27 words.
GUESS #2: grace
filtering with green letter: g
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: grade
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: grave
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2275 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 22 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: image
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: inane
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: shock
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 27 words.
GUESS #2: grace
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: craze
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: z
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: crave
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 308 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 19 words.
GUESS #2: suite
filtering with green letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: smite
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: spite
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 172 words.
GUESS #2: angle
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: salve
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: halve
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: valve
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 31 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: whisk
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: skimp
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 409 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 1 words.
GUESS #2: snail
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: claim
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 3 words.
GUESS #2: acrid
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: hairy
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: rainy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 492 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 16 words.
GUESS #2: youth
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: lusty
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: musty
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 19 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: biome
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: pique
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 22 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 15 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: saucy
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: bawdy
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: paddy
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: daddy
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 409 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 1 words.
GUESS #2: snail
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: quasi
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 68 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 2 words.
GUESS #2: arise
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 13 words.
GUESS #2: anvil
filtering with green letter: a
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: aping
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: aging
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 59 words.
GUESS #2: steal
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: valet
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 31 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: whisk
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: opium
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 118 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: later
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: avert
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with green letter: s
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 10 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: stunk
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 3 words.
GUESS #4: stuck
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 31 words.
GUESS #2: outer
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 16 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: rebut
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: recut
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 38 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 23 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 6 words.
GUESS #3: gulch
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: mulch
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 153 words.
GUESS #2: rouse
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: verge
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: genre
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 56 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: flume
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: plume
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 57 words.
GUESS #2: shire
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: ridge
filtering with green letter: r
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: rifle
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 23 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: mount
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: count
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2275 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 26 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 3 words.
GUESS #2: ivory
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: incur
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with green letter: t
removed 39 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 10 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: total
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 81 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 20 words.
GUESS #2: crept
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: wrest
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with green letter: m
removed 102 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: mocha
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 31 words.
GUESS #2: outer
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: deter
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with green letter: s
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 10 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: stunk
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: study
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with green letter: l
removed 85 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: lover
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: wager
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: baker
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: safer
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 68 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 8 words.
GUESS #2: merit
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: rivet
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: dumpy
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: funky
filtering with green letter: f
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: funny
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 36 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: scope
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: shove
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: smoke
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 72 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 26 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: hound
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: pound
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: found
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: mound
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: nudge
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: undue
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 22 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: sedan
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: wagon
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: pagan
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with green letter: s
removed 37 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: spine
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: swine
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: guile
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 492 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 16 words.
GUESS #2: youth
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: lusty
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: musty
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: gusty
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 183 words.
GUESS #2: deign
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
GUESS #3: pixel
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: x
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: equip
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 23 words.
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: tough
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 172 words.
GUESS #2: angle
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 24 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: canoe
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: chaos
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 42 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: comet
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: covet
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with yellow letter: m
removed 106 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: among
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: human
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: under
filtering with green letter: u
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: udder
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with green letter: l
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: lunch
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 126 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 17 words.
GUESS #2: slant
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: blast
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 118 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 14 words.
GUESS #2: stray
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with green letter: m
removed 102 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: mango
filtering with green letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: manga
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 56 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: delve
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: melee
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 492 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: hefty
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: f
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: lefty
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 31 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: whisk
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: quick
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 298 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 17 words.
GUESS #2: saute
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: waste
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: paste
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 183 words.
GUESS #2: deign
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: given
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with green letter: o
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: octet
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 30 words.
GUESS #2: risen
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 165 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: groan
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 103 words.
GUESS #2: heady
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: leaky
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 20 words.
GUESS #2: brink
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: grind
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 104 words.
GUESS #2: range
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: farce
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: carve
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with green letter: l
removed 75 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: loose
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 22 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 31 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: sadly
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: spilt
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 172 words.
GUESS #2: angle
filtering with green letter: a
removed 28 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: ample
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: apple
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 6 words.
GUESS #3: money
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: honey
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 13 words.
GUESS #2: anvil
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: final
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 35 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: sheen
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 57 words.
GUESS #2: shire
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: ridge
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: eerie
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 308 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 9 words.
GUESS #2: minty
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: slick
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 18 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: decry
filtering with green letter: d
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: derby
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 18 words.
GUESS #2: shard
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: charm
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: wharf
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: spelt
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 37 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: coach
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 81 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 20 words.
GUESS #2: crept
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: erupt
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 33 words.
GUESS #2: pride
filtering with green letter: p
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: prize
filtering with green letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: z
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: price
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with green letter: s
removed 40 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: swamp
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: w
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: spawn
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 3 words.
GUESS #2: acrid
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: hairy
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: fairy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 53 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: wispy
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: dizzy
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: z
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: z
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: jiffy
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 88 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: filmy
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 126 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 17 words.
GUESS #2: slant
filtering with green letter: s
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: stack
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 36 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: chose
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 56 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: sleep
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 165 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: groan
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: ardor
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 45 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: candy
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: pansy
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: fanny
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: nanny
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 19 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: niche
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: niece
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 72 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: howdy
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: w
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: woozy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 45 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: candy
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: handy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 27 words.
GUESS #2: grace
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 308 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 9 words.
GUESS #2: minty
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 6 words.
GUESS #3: width
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: ditto
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 126 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 17 words.
GUESS #2: slant
filtering with green letter: s
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: stand
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: stank
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 165 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 14 words.
GUESS #2: break
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: dream
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: m
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: cream
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 59 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: focal
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: usual
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 19 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: biome
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: diode
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 13 words.
GUESS #3: labor
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: valor
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 172 words.
GUESS #2: angle
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 13 words.
GUESS #2: anvil
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: china
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: ninja
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: dumpy
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 16 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: m
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: muddy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 74 words.
GUESS #2: shale
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 33 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: phase
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: chase
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: reply
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 59 words.
GUESS #2: prone
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 23 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: spoil
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 38 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 8 words.
GUESS #2: react
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: heart
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 74 words.
GUESS #2: shale
filtering with green letter: s
removed 28 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: shake
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: shame
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: shade
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 30 words.
GUESS #2: risen
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 10 words.
GUESS #3: finer
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: diner
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 165 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: groan
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: arson
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 31 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: scion
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: union
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: onion
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: sweet
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: sleet
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 25 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: dowel
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 72 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 26 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: hound
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: cough
filtering with green letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: couch
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 22 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 28 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 8 words.
GUESS #3: palsy
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 25 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: vowel
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: bowel
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with green letter: s
removed 37 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: smile
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 36 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: phone
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: evoke
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 56 words.
GUESS #2: credo
filtering with green letter: c
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: creek
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 172 words.
GUESS #2: angle
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 24 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: lance
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 172 words.
GUESS #2: angle
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 22 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: eagle
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2275 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 3 words.
GUESS #2: ingot
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: idiot
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 30 words.
GUESS #2: risen
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: siren
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: guilt
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: built
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 35 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 20 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: bused
filtering with yellow letter: b
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: embed
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 18 words.
GUESS #2: shard
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: board
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: guard
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: award
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: crowd
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 11 words.
GUESS #3: droll
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: dross
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 59 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 28 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: zonal
filtering with gray letter: z
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: annul
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 72 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: howdy
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: goody
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: crowd
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: w
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: grown
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: w
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: frown
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 58 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: saint
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: patio
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: disco
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: humid
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 308 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 19 words.
GUESS #2: suite
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: white
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: elite
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with green letter: l
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: lymph
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 183 words.
GUESS #2: deign
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: spied
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: edify
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 48 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: light
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: night
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: might
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 31 words.
GUESS #2: outer
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: threw
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: reset
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: split
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: visit
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 492 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 16 words.
GUESS #2: youth
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: gusto
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 153 words.
GUESS #2: rouse
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 14 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: purse
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: manor
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: favor
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: vapor
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: crowd
filtering with green letter: c
removed 29 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: crock
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 56 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
GUESS #2: write
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: husky
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: sunny
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 151 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: loath
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 37 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: champ
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: chaff
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with green letter: s
removed 37 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: smile
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: slide
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: under
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: buyer
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: queer
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 10 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: envoy
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: venom
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 126 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 17 words.
GUESS #2: slant
filtering with green letter: s
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: stack
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: stamp
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with green letter: s
removed 47 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: sorry
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: stink
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: still
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: manor
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: acorn
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 13 words.
GUESS #2: anvil
filtering with green letter: a
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: aping
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: husky
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: pushy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 118 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: later
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: tamer
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 118 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: later
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: cater
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: hater
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 13 words.
GUESS #2: anvil
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: cabin
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: mania
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 172 words.
GUESS #2: angle
filtering with green letter: a
removed 28 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: adobe
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: awoke
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 15 words.
GUESS #2: crank
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: brawn
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: spilt
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: swift
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: olive
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: while
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: exile
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 41 words.
GUESS #2: choir
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 20 words.
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: birch
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with green letter: l
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: lucky
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 56 words.
GUESS #2: credo
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: fresh
filtering with green letter: f
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: freer
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 41 words.
GUESS #2: choir
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: risky
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 44 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: ghost
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 30 words.
GUESS #2: risen
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: plier
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 26 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: lunar
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: cumin
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: winch
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 30 words.
GUESS #2: scare
filtering with green letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: snare
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 153 words.
GUESS #2: rouse
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 14 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: purse
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: nurse
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: house
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 38 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: borax
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 30 words.
GUESS #2: risen
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 10 words.
GUESS #3: finer
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: nicer
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 36 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: curly
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: lurch
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 126 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 26 words.
GUESS #2: least
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 10 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: exalt
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 16 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 22 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 10 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: about
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 22 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 15 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: saucy
filtering with green letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: savoy
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: v
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: savvy
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 34 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: toxic
filtering with green letter: t
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: x
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: toxin
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: until
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: tunic
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: fried
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: pried
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2275 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 10 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 1 words.
GUESS #2: inlay
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 38 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: chunk
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: chump
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 45 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: lanky
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 56 words.
GUESS #2: credo
filtering with green letter: c
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: creek
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: cress
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 118 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: later
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: cater
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: hater
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: water
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: eater
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 56 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: flume
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: elude
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 56 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: delve
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: cycle
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 308 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 9 words.
GUESS #2: minty
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: sixty
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: x
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: kitty
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 56 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 21 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: boule
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: dowry
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: morph
filtering with green letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: moron
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 35 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: tenet
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 74 words.
GUESS #2: shale
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: blaze
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: z
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: place
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with green letter: l
removed 183 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: loopy
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: lowly
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: lobby
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 38 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: blush
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: plush
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 23 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 6 words.
GUESS #3: vigil
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2275 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 10 words.
GUESS #2: index
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: blink
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 38 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: pluck
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: clung
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 37 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 23 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: qualm
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: crowd
filtering with green letter: c
removed 29 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: crock
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: croup
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: blink
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: clink
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 53 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: spicy
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: juicy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 126 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 33 words.
GUESS #2: stale
filtering with green letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: stage
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: decay
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 153 words.
GUESS #2: rouse
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: verge
filtering with yellow letter: v
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: nerve
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 30 words.
GUESS #2: risen
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: plier
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: flier
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 126 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 17 words.
GUESS #2: slant
filtering with green letter: s
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: shaft
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: crowd
filtering with green letter: c
removed 29 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: crock
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 3 words.
GUESS #4: crook
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 32 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 6 words.
GUESS #3: glean
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: clean
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 13 words.
GUESS #2: anvil
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: china
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 57 words.
GUESS #2: shire
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: ridge
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 25 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: vowel
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 36 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: phone
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: gnome
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 38 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: snuck
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2275 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 4 words.
GUESS #2: ionic
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: icing
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 53 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: shiny
filtering with green letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: spiny
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 41 words.
GUESS #2: choir
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: vigor
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: rigor
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 409 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 1 words.
GUESS #2: snail
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 48 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: blown
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: w
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: clown
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: w
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: flown
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 3 words.
GUESS #2: acrid
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: rabid
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 59 words.
GUESS #2: prone
filtering with green letter: p
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: prove
filtering with green letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: prose
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 126 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 17 words.
GUESS #2: slant
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: twang
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: thank
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 72 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: howdy
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: foggy
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: boozy
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: z
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: poppy
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: nudge
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: budge
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 30 words.
GUESS #2: risen
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: diver
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: fixer
filtering with green letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: x
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: fiber
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 56 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: godly
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: moldy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 72 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: howdy
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: w
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: dowdy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 41 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 8 words.
GUESS #3: kneel
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 45 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 2 words.
GUESS #2: craft
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: track
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 22 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 15 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: saucy
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: wacky
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: caddy
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 41 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: welsh
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: quell
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: dumpy
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 153 words.
GUESS #2: rouse
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 24 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: swore
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 20 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: smear
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: debar
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: b
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: rebar
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 59 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 20 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: squad
filtering with green letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: q
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: scuba
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 16 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 22 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: splat
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: ulcer
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: flyer
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: dowry
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 3 words.
GUESS #4: horny
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with green letter: m
removed 102 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: mason
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 31 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 13 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: using
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: doing
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 36 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: phone
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: ozone
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with yellow letter: m
removed 106 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: amply
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 38 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: solar
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: molar
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 18 words.
GUESS #2: shard
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: ovary
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 30 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: upset
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: beset
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: nudge
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: queue
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: slick
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: climb
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: cliff
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 13 words.
GUESS #2: anvil
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: basic
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 2 words.
GUESS #4: magic
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 81 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 25 words.
GUESS #2: trove
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: truce
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 32 words.
GUESS #2: torus
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 10 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: story
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: sport
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 56 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 2 words.
GUESS #2: fritz
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 73 words.
GUESS #2: fetid
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: edict
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 68 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 7 words.
GUESS #2: shirt
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: twirl
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 153 words.
GUESS #2: rouse
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: verse
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 37 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 13 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: bland
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: plaza
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: z
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: llama
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 59 words.
GUESS #2: steal
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: facet
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: taken
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #5: eaten
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 104 words.
GUESS #2: range
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 31 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: whisk
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 25 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: vowel
filtering with yellow letter: v
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: hovel
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 20 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 6 words.
GUESS #3: rehab
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with green letter: m
removed 102 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: macho
filtering with green letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: macaw
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 13 words.
GUESS #2: anvil
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: sigma
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with green letter: s
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: snout
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: spout
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 153 words.
GUESS #2: rouse
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: verge
filtering with green letter: v
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: verve
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: disco
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: sushi
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 77 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: dying
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 73 words.
GUESS #2: fetid
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 64 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: drain
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: brain
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: dumpy
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 16 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: buddy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 23 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: thumb
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: thump
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 31 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: scion
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 45 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: candy
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 36 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: chord
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 13 words.
GUESS #2: anvil
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: cabin
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: basin
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 26 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: marsh
filtering with green letter: m
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: march
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: crowd
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 165 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: groan
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: ardor
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: arbor
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 22 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 31 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: sadly
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: gayly
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: husky
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: musky
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 409 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: stain
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 22 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 31 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: sadly
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: dally
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 56 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: flesh
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: bless
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 15 words.
GUESS #2: crank
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: brash
filtering with green letter: b
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: bravo
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with green letter: s
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 10 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: stunk
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: stung
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 78 words.
GUESS #2: utile
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: title
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: ulcer
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: ruler
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: disco
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: kiosk
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 48 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: blown
filtering with green letter: b
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 3 words.
GUESS #4: blond
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 183 words.
GUESS #2: deign
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 9 words.
GUESS #3: piney
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: ennui
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 16 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: layer
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 23 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: spoil
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: fluid
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 298 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 12 words.
GUESS #2: nasty
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: batty
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: patty
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: fatty
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: catty
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #7: tatty
correct! got it in 7 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 153 words.
GUESS #2: rouse
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 24 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: swore
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: score
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 78 words.
GUESS #2: utile
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: cutie
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 20 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 6 words.
GUESS #3: rehab
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: b
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: zebra
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 104 words.
GUESS #2: range
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: barge
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 59 words.
GUESS #2: steal
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: facet
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: taken
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #5: matey
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: ulcer
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: bluer
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 19 words.
GUESS #2: aider
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: shock
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: shook
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 30 words.
GUESS #2: risen
filtering with green letter: r
removed 25 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: river
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 20 words.
GUESS #2: brink
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: crimp
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 3 words.
GUESS #4: privy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: tweed
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: betel
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 20 words.
GUESS #2: brink
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 11 words.
GUESS #3: prick
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: frisk
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 72 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 16 words.
GUESS #3: conch
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: bongo
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 35 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 11 words.
GUESS #3: begun
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 104 words.
GUESS #2: range
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: azure
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 74 words.
GUESS #2: shale
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: knave
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: v
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: weave
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 15 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 18 words.
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: genie
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 72 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: sound
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 56 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: glove
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 64 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: drain
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: braid
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 36 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: scope
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: crowd
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 22 words.
filtering with yellow letter: w
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: wrung
filtering with green letter: w
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: wryly
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 53 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: cower
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: hover
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: v
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: mover
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: rover
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 59 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 20 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: assay
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 9 words.
GUESS #3: ocean
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 48 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: blown
filtering with green letter: b
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: block
filtering with green letter: b
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: bloom
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
correct! got it in 1 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 118 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: later
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 6 words.
GUESS #3: woven
filtering with green letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: woken
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 88 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: filmy
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: silky
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 56 words.
GUESS #2: credo
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 19 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: wreck
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: cleft
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: dwelt
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 151 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 5 words.
GUESS #2: slate
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with green letter: s
removed 40 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: smack
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 23 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: spoil
filtering with green letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: solid
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 74 words.
GUESS #2: shale
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: knave
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: agape
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: amaze
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 32 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: gavel
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: hazel
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 48 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 4 words.
GUESS #2: drift
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: print
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: wrist
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 56 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: godly
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: nobly
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: coyly
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: folly
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #7: jolly
correct! got it in 7 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 56 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: glove
filtering with green letter: g
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: globe
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: guilt
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: flint
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 153 words.
GUESS #2: rouse
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 23 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: spoil
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: civil
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 71 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: vista
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 20 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 14 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: relax
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 53 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: cower
filtering with green letter: c
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: cover
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 44 words.
GUESS #2: alive
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 35 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: speck
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: beech
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 492 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: hefty
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: zesty
filtering with gray letter: z
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: jetty
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: slick
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: bliss
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 59 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: focal
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: vocal
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with green letter: o
removed 51 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: often
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 56 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: godly
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: dolly
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 73 words.
GUESS #2: fetid
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: quiet
filtering with gray letter: q
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: eight
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 53 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: cower
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: hover
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: goner
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: poker
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #7: joker
correct! got it in 7 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with green letter: s
removed 37 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: since
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 35 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: event
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: ensue
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with green letter: s
removed 27 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: shunt
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 30 words.
GUESS #2: risen
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: diver
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 53 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 20 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: poser
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 32 words.
GUESS #2: torus
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: worst
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 35 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: sheep
filtering with green letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: p
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: sweep
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 32 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: alley
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 56 words.
GUESS #2: credo
filtering with green letter: c
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: creed
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 44 words.
GUESS #2: alive
filtering with green letter: a
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: aside
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: anime
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 103 words.
GUESS #2: heady
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: leaky
filtering with green letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: leafy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 72 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 16 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 22 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: bosom
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: nudge
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: dunce
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 38 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 10 words.
GUESS #2: stare
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: dumpy
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 16 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: pudgy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 44 words.
GUESS #2: alive
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: waive
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 41 words.
GUESS #2: choir
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with green letter: s
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: stomp
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: stony
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: stock
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: stool
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #7: stood
correct! got it in 7 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 36 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: scope
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: spoke
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 23 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: outdo
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: outgo
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 32 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: delay
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 19 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: bilge
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2275 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 10 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 2 words.
GUESS #2: ideal
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: clasp
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with green letter: s
removed 37 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: smile
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: spike
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: seize
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 23 words.
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: notch
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: hotly
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 22 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 28 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: salvo
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: laugh
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with green letter: s
removed 37 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: sieve
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 48 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: blown
filtering with green letter: b
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: block
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 126 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 26 words.
GUESS #2: least
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: meant
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 27 words.
GUESS #2: grace
filtering with green letter: g
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: grade
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: grave
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: grape
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: copse
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: goose
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: noose
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 13 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: harpy
filtering with green letter: h
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: hardy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 183 words.
GUESS #2: deign
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: spied
filtering with green letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: shied
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 15 words.
GUESS #2: crank
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: brash
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: drawl
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 13 words.
GUESS #2: anvil
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: sigma
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: daisy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 492 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 16 words.
GUESS #2: youth
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: lusty
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: putty
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 32 words.
GUESS #2: torus
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: strut
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 32 words.
GUESS #2: torus
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: burnt
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: until
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: tulip
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 20 words.
GUESS #2: brink
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 11 words.
GUESS #3: prick
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: crick
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2275 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 4 words.
GUESS #2: ionic
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: imply
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: idyll
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 183 words.
GUESS #2: deign
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 8 words.
GUESS #3: elfin
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: vixen
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 13 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: humor
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: furor
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 35 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: speck
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: geeky
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 72 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 26 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: hound
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: cough
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 44 words.
GUESS #2: alive
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: waive
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: naive
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 59 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: focal
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: shoal
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 32 words.
GUESS #2: torus
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 10 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: story
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: stork
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 80 words.
GUESS #2: bathe
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 298 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 12 words.
GUESS #2: nasty
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 13 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: aunty
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 35 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: speck
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: check
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 33 words.
GUESS #2: pride
filtering with green letter: p
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: prize
filtering with green letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: z
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: price
filtering with green letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: prime
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 15 words.
GUESS #2: crank
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: brash
filtering with green letter: b
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: brass
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 31 words.
GUESS #2: outer
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: burly
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: murky
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: furry
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with green letter: r
removed 47 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: razor
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: cleft
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: elect
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 73 words.
GUESS #2: fetid
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: quiet
filtering with gray letter: q
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: exist
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: x
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: evict
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2275 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 4 words.
GUESS #2: ionic
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: imply
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 14 words.
GUESS #3: demur
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 298 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 12 words.
GUESS #2: nasty
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: quota
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 27 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 23 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: haven
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 13 words.
GUESS #2: anvil
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: v
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: cavil
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 20 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: smear
filtering with green letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: swear
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: crowd
filtering with green letter: c
removed 29 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: crump
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 72 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 26 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: hound
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 5 words.
GUESS #4: dough
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 32 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: gavel
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: wagon
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 51 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: salon
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: nudge
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 13 words.
GUESS #3: ramen
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: harem
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 48 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 6 words.
GUESS #3: pitch
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with green letter: s
removed 47 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: sworn
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 23 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: spoil
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: pupil
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 41 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: bevel
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: excel
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with green letter: s
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: stomp
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: stony
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 13 words.
GUESS #2: anvil
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: cabin
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: cumin
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: unzip
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 35 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: sheen
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: queen
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: crust
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: grout
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: trout
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 56 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 11 words.
GUESS #3: polyp
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 138 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 4 words.
GUESS #2: earth
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 32 words.
GUESS #2: torus
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 10 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: story
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: stork
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #5: storm
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: until
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 118 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: later
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: tamer
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: taper
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 31 words.
GUESS #2: outer
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: deter
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: enter
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: slick
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: child
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 16 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 22 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 10 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: about
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: adopt
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 41 words.
GUESS #2: choir
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: vigor
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: minor
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 298 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 12 words.
GUESS #2: nasty
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: batty
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: patty
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: fatty
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: husky
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 27 words.
GUESS #2: grace
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: brake
filtering with green letter: b
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: brave
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 73 words.
GUESS #2: fetid
filtering with green letter: f
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: filet
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with green letter: s
removed 37 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: smile
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: m
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: slime
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: guilt
filtering with green letter: g
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: glint
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 165 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 23 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
GUESS #2: great
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: tread
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 59 words.
GUESS #2: steal
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 20 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: regal
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: spelt
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: guest
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 18 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: decry
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: query
filtering with gray letter: q
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: every
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: burly
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: murky
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 30 words.
GUESS #2: scare
filtering with green letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: snare
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: share
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 153 words.
GUESS #2: rouse
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 24 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: swore
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: score
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: spore
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 88 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: buxom
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2275 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 26 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 2 words.
GUESS #2: infer
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: inner
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 31 words.
GUESS #2: outer
filtering with green letter: o
removed 24 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: otter
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 88 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: filmy
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: dimly
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 41 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: bevel
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: level
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with yellow letter: m
removed 106 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: comma
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: sumac
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 23 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: donut
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: spilt
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: stilt
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 165 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 14 words.
GUESS #2: break
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: arena
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: sweet
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: sleet
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: sheet
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with green letter: s
removed 47 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: scrub
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 45 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: candy
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: fancy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 88 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: slimy
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 28 words.
GUESS #2: ready
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: pearl
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 88 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: filmy
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: silky
filtering with green letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: silly
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 36 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: corny
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: porch
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 16 words.
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 12 words.
GUESS #3: dingo
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 51 words.
GUESS #2: alien
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: sepia
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 172 words.
GUESS #2: angle
filtering with green letter: a
removed 28 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: ample
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: amble
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with green letter: s
removed 40 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: swamp
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: shady
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 165 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 14 words.
GUESS #2: break
filtering with green letter: b
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: bread
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 68 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 1 words.
GUESS #2: briar
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: friar
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 30 words.
GUESS #2: risen
filtering with green letter: r
removed 25 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: reign
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 3 words.
GUESS #2: acrid
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: dairy
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: slick
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: build
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: quill
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: crowd
filtering with green letter: c
removed 29 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: crock
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: croup
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: crony
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: cross
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: crowd
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 12 words.
GUESS #3: frond
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: proud
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: brood
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 31 words.
GUESS #2: outer
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 18 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: tuber
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 20 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: smear
filtering with green letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: swear
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: shear
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 34 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: posit
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 37 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 13 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: blank
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 13 words.
GUESS #2: anvil
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: v
removed 13 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: viola
filtering with green letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: villa
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with green letter: s
removed 40 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 9 words.
GUESS #3: shank
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 53 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 11 words.
GUESS #3: gipsy
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: piggy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 165 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 14 words.
GUESS #2: break
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: creak
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: freak
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 31 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: whisk
filtering with green letter: w
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: which
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with yellow letter: m
removed 106 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: among
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 32 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: fecal
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 41 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: welsh
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 2 words.
GUESS #4: shelf
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
GUESS #5: shell
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 56 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: could
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: would
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 172 words.
GUESS #2: angle
filtering with green letter: a
removed 28 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: algae
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 104 words.
GUESS #2: range
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: barge
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: large
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 3 words.
GUESS #2: acrid
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: hairy
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: rabbi
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 59 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: agony
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 172 words.
GUESS #2: angle
filtering with green letter: a
removed 28 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: adobe
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: amuse
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: husky
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: pushy
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: bushy
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: copse
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: shock
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: snoop
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
GUESS #5: swoon
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: opine
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: knife
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 72 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 26 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: hound
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: cough
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: vouch
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: pouch
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 16 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 22 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: ascot
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 74 words.
GUESS #2: shale
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: blaze
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: z
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: place
filtering with green letter: p
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: plane
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: crowd
filtering with green letter: c
removed 29 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: w
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: crown
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 165 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: groan
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: urban
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with green letter: s
removed 37 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: spine
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: snide
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 20 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 14 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: relax
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: x
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: relay
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 44 words.
GUESS #2: alive
filtering with green letter: a
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: aside
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: abide
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 13 words.
GUESS #2: anvil
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: v
removed 13 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: viola
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with green letter: r
removed 47 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: rajah
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 118 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 14 words.
GUESS #2: stray
filtering with green letter: s
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: straw
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 88 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: filmy
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: silky
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: dilly
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 15 words.
GUESS #2: crank
filtering with green letter: c
removed 20 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: crash
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: gnash
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 2 words.
GUESS #4: amass
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 68 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 7 words.
GUESS #2: shirt
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: third
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 48 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 4 words.
GUESS #2: drift
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: trick
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 32 words.
GUESS #2: torus
filtering with green letter: t
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: tumor
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: tutor
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 72 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: howdy
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: w
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: woody
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: burly
filtering with green letter: b
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: blurb
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: fried
filtering with yellow letter: f
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: grief
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: disco
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 153 words.
GUESS #2: rouse
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: verge
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: where
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 22 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 15 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: saucy
filtering with green letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: savoy
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: sappy
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: sassy
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 103 words.
GUESS #2: heady
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: leach
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: peach
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: beach
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: wagon
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: sauna
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: disco
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 2 words.
GUESS #4: comic
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 56 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: clued
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 56 words.
GUESS #2: credo
filtering with green letter: c
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: creek
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: creep
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 298 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 17 words.
GUESS #2: saute
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: waste
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: paste
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: caste
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 27 words.
GUESS #2: grace
filtering with green letter: g
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: grade
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: grave
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: grape
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: graze
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 38 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: snuck
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: snuff
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: crowd
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 38 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: frock
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 59 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 28 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: gonad
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: crowd
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 22 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: drunk
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: crowd
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 7 words.
GUESS #3: group
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: prong
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 41 words.
GUESS #2: choir
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: lurid
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: steed
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: steel
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 172 words.
GUESS #2: angle
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: salve
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: halve
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: under
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: buyer
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 88 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: vinyl
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 78 words.
GUESS #2: utile
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 41 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: welsh
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 2 words.
GUESS #4: spell
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: smell
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 74 words.
GUESS #2: shale
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: knave
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: agape
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: adage
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: dowry
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: w
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: worry
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 298 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 12 words.
GUESS #2: nasty
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: hasty
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: pasty
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: tasty
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 59 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: focal
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: vocal
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: local
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 45 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 9 words.
GUESS #2: trace
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: trade
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: cumin
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: winch
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: finch
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 13 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: ashen
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with green letter: m
removed 102 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: modal
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 16 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 11 words.
GUESS #3: jaunt
filtering with gray letter: j
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: gaunt
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 56 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: glove
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: v
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: clove
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 126 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 26 words.
GUESS #2: least
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: enact
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: manor
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: acorn
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: adorn
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 38 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 4 words.
GUESS #2: smart
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: roast
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 35 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: speck
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 183 words.
GUESS #2: deign
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
GUESS #3: pixel
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: x
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: sheik
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 53 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: wispy
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: fishy
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: missy
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: crust
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: grunt
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: shock
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: snoop
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 138 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 1 words.
GUESS #2: party
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 23 words.
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: tough
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: touch
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 13 words.
GUESS #2: anvil
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: basic
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: maxim
filtering with green letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: x
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: m
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: mafia
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: pence
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: emcee
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 165 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: groan
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: array
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 492 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 16 words.
GUESS #2: youth
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: south
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 13 words.
GUESS #2: anvil
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: v
removed 13 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: vapid
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 41 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: welsh
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: belly
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: jelly
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 38 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: slunk
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: skulk
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 16 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 22 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: angst
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with green letter: t
removed 39 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 10 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: tubal
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with green letter: l
removed 85 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: lover
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: lower
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 81 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 20 words.
GUESS #2: crept
filtering with green letter: c
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: crest
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 59 words.
GUESS #2: steal
filtering with green letter: s
removed 20 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: sweat
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: under
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: cyber
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 104 words.
GUESS #2: range
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: azure
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: z
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: adore
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 118 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 14 words.
GUESS #2: stray
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: tardy
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 409 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 1 words.
GUESS #2: snail
filtering with green letter: s
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: swami
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 23 words.
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: notch
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: crowd
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 7 words.
GUESS #3: group
filtering with green letter: g
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: groom
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 18 words.
GUESS #2: shard
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: roach
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with green letter: h
removed 62 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: hitch
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 72 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 26 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 12 words.
GUESS #3: young
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 13 words.
GUESS #2: anvil
filtering with green letter: a
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: align
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 28 words.
GUESS #2: ready
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: crowd
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 12 words.
GUESS #3: frond
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 118 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 14 words.
GUESS #2: stray
filtering with green letter: s
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: straw
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: strap
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 153 words.
GUESS #2: rouse
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 14 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: purge
filtering with green letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: puree
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 28 words.
GUESS #2: ready
filtering with green letter: r
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: realm
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: nudge
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: venue
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 18 words.
GUESS #2: shard
filtering with green letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: scarf
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: snarl
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: swarm
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 68 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: owner
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: offer
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 35 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: sheen
filtering with green letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: seven
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 56 words.
GUESS #2: credo
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: dryer
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 105 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: flair
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: diary
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: crowd
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 22 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: drunk
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: dryly
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 15 words.
GUESS #2: crank
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: drank
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 3 words.
GUESS #2: acrid
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 103 words.
GUESS #2: heady
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 298 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 25 words.
GUESS #2: delta
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: theta
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 492 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 16 words.
GUESS #2: youth
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: gusto
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: junto
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 19 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: biome
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: pique
filtering with green letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: q
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: pixie
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 492 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 16 words.
GUESS #2: youth
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: quoth
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 72 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 38 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: focus
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: bonus
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 126 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 17 words.
GUESS #2: slant
filtering with green letter: s
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: shalt
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: pence
filtering with green letter: p
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: penne
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: amend
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 16 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: patch
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: datum
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: slick
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: build
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 409 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 1 words.
GUESS #2: snail
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: piano
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 41 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: welsh
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 2 words.
GUESS #4: shelf
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with green letter: l
removed 75 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: lodge
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 31 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 13 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: using
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: suing
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 28 words.
GUESS #2: ready
filtering with green letter: r
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: realm
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: m
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: rearm
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 38 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: coral
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 13 words.
GUESS #3: ramen
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 250 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 3 words.
GUESS #2: forth
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: worth
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 51 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: psalm
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2275 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 26 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 2 words.
GUESS #2: infer
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 31 words.
GUESS #2: outer
filtering with green letter: o
removed 24 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: overt
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 30 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 16 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: mayor
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: disco
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: ovoid
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: guile
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: glide
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 74 words.
GUESS #2: shale
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 33 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: usage
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 50 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: poise
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with green letter: r
removed 47 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: randy
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 38 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: chunk
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: chuck
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 15 words.
GUESS #2: crank
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: drank
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: prank
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 53 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: wispy
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: fishy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 492 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 16 words.
GUESS #2: youth
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: month
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: sooth
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: booth
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: tooth
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 31 words.
GUESS #2: outer
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: ether
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 59 words.
GUESS #2: prone
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: drove
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2275 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 26 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 2 words.
GUESS #2: infer
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: idler
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 151 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: loath
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: swath
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: spilt
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: swift
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: stint
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: olive
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: while
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 59 words.
GUESS #2: steal
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: begat
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 59 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 25 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: apply
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with green letter: s
removed 40 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 21 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: slang
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 118 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 14 words.
GUESS #2: stray
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: tarot
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with green letter: r
removed 47 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: rajah
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: j
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: radar
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 56 words.
GUESS #2: credo
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 30 words.
GUESS #2: scare
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: glare
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: aware
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 45 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 9 words.
GUESS #3: banjo
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: j
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: canon
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 48 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: shift
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 68 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 8 words.
GUESS #2: merit
filtering with yellow letter: m
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: timer
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 59 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 17 words.
GUESS #3: bylaw
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 35 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: serum
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 55 words.
GUESS #2: store
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: three
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 59 words.
GUESS #2: steal
filtering with green letter: s
removed 20 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: stead
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: steak
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2275 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 10 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 1 words.
GUESS #2: inlay
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: iliac
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 41 words.
GUESS #2: choir
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: shirk
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 23 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 10 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: blunt
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: dumpy
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: p
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: guppy
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: puppy
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 32 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 7 words.
GUESS #3: penal
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 34 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: moist
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: joist
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: dumpy
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: funky
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: bunny
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 74 words.
GUESS #2: shale
filtering with green letter: s
removed 28 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: shake
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: shame
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: shade
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: shape
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: duvet
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: fleet
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: beget
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 41 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: bevel
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: excel
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: x
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: wheel
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 59 words.
GUESS #2: steal
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: adept
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with green letter: s
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 10 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 6 words.
GUESS #3: stunt
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 101 words.
GUESS #2: those
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: stove
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: stole
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with green letter: t
removed 39 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: today
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: topaz
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 153 words.
GUESS #2: rouse
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 24 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: ombre
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: chore
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 56 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: flume
filtering with green letter: f
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: fluke
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 16 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 22 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: ascot
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: afoot
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 16 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 22 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: aloft
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: gloat
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: bloat
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 38 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 23 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: bulky
filtering with green letter: b
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: bully
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: dense
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 40 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: caper
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 35 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: usher
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: sever
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: sneer
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 53 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: cower
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: hover
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: goner
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: poker
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #7: foyer
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #8: boxer
correct! got it in 8 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 88 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: buxom
filtering with yellow letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: x
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: m
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: jumbo
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with green letter: l
removed 75 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: lunge
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 74 words.
GUESS #2: shale
filtering with green letter: s
removed 28 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: spade
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: p
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: space
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 409 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 1 words.
GUESS #2: snail
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: quail
filtering with gray letter: q
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: avail
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 32 words.
GUESS #2: torus
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 10 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: story
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: sport
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: short
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with green letter: s
removed 47 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: slurp
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 59 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 17 words.
GUESS #3: bylaw
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: loyal
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 68 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 7 words.
GUESS #2: shirt
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: flirt
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 13 words.
GUESS #2: anvil
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: sigma
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: pizza
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 72 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 16 words.
GUESS #3: conch
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 42 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: detox
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: x
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: tempo
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: crowd
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 11 words.
GUESS #3: droll
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: dross
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: droop
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 151 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 5 words.
GUESS #2: slate
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: plate
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 19 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: biome
filtering with green letter: b
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: bible
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 38 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: pluck
filtering with green letter: p
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 2 words.
GUESS #4: plunk
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 59 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: focal
filtering with yellow letter: f
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: afoul
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 22 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 15 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: saucy
filtering with green letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: savoy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: steed
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: steel
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #5: steep
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 44 words.
GUESS #2: alive
filtering with green letter: a
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: agile
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 126 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 33 words.
GUESS #2: stale
filtering with green letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: stage
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: stake
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 41 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 24 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: dwell
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 74 words.
GUESS #2: shale
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: knave
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 28 words.
GUESS #2: ready
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: beard
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 165 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 21 words.
GUESS #2: argue
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: arose
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 34 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: toxic
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: x
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: motif
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with green letter: s
removed 40 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: swamp
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: m
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: smash
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 20 words.
GUESS #2: brink
filtering with green letter: b
removed 19 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: broil
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 30 words.
GUESS #2: scare
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: glare
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 36 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: scope
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: shove
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 22 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 15 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: saucy
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: bawdy
filtering with green letter: b
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: baggy
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with green letter: m
removed 102 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 6 words.
GUESS #3: mammy
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with green letter: s
removed 40 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: swamp
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 59 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: along
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: burly
filtering with yellow letter: b
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: rugby
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: wager
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 37 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: whack
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: quack
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 16 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 22 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: squat
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with green letter: s
removed 40 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: k
removed 9 words.
GUESS #3: snaky
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 73 words.
GUESS #2: fetid
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: debit
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 172 words.
GUESS #2: angle
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 24 words.
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: mange
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 151 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 5 words.
GUESS #2: slate
filtering with green letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: skate
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 308 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 9 words.
GUESS #2: minty
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: pinto
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: ninth
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 44 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: joust
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 45 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 2 words.
GUESS #2: craft
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: trawl
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: trash
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: tramp
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with green letter: s
removed 47 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: slurp
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: spurn
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 32 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 14 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: medal
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 41 words.
GUESS #2: choir
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 20 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: micro
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: rebel
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 37 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 13 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: blank
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: flank
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 28 words.
GUESS #2: ready
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: pearl
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: learn
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 3 words.
GUESS #2: acrid
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: radio
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: nadir
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 172 words.
GUESS #2: angle
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: fable
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: maple
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 72 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: howdy
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: foggy
filtering with yellow letter: f
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: comfy
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 68 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 8 words.
GUESS #2: merit
filtering with yellow letter: m
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: remit
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: crowd
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 22 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: brush
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: gruff
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 31 words.
GUESS #2: outer
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: deter
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: enter
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: ester
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 126 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 26 words.
GUESS #2: least
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 56 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: mogul
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 7 words.
GUESS #3: fetch
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 172 words.
GUESS #2: angle
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: cause
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 27 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 23 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: haven
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: oaken
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 59 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: focal
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: aglow
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 151 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 10 words.
GUESS #2: death
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: meaty
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 172 words.
GUESS #2: angle
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 20 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: gauze
filtering with green letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: z
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: gaffe
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 38 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: shyly
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: wager
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: baker
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: safer
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: racer
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: crowd
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: w
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: grown
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: w
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
GUESS #4: prowl
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 73 words.
GUESS #2: fetid
filtering with yellow letter: f
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: thief
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 31 words.
GUESS #2: outer
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: stern
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: epoch
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: poesy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 36 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: corny
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: rocky
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: duvet
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: fleet
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: tweet
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 58 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: saint
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 16 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: waist
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 57 words.
GUESS #2: shire
filtering with green letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: spire
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 59 words.
GUESS #2: prone
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 15 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: grope
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 22 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 19 words.
GUESS #3: havoc
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 16 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: patch
filtering with green letter: p
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: patsy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: crust
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: truly
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 250 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 3 words.
GUESS #2: forth
filtering with green letter: f
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: forty
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 308 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 24 words.
GUESS #2: piety
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: deity
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 56 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: bugle
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: uncle
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 31 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: whisk
filtering with yellow letter: w
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: swish
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 30 words.
GUESS #2: risen
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: diver
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: v
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: liver
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: giver
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 56 words.
GUESS #2: credo
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: fresh
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: preen
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 41 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: bevel
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with green letter: l
removed 85 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: lemur
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 45 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 2 words.
GUESS #2: craft
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: f
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: draft
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 56 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: slope
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 59 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 28 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: annoy
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with green letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: lingo
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 32 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: fecal
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: bleak
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 308 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 9 words.
GUESS #2: minty
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: sixty
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: x
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: kitty
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: ditty
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 36 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: curly
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 20 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: smear
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: debar
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: cedar
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 57 words.
GUESS #2: shire
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: ridge
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: dirge
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: crowd
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: w
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: grown
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 153 words.
GUESS #2: rouse
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 24 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: forge
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: horde
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: crowd
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 11 words.
GUESS #3: droll
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: drool
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 38 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: snuck
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: shuck
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: crust
filtering with green letter: c
removed 15 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: crypt
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: cumin
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with green letter: s
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: stomp
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: stony
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: stock
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 15 words.
GUESS #2: crank
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: brash
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: drawl
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: gravy
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with green letter: l
removed 183 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: locus
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 30 words.
GUESS #2: risen
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: diver
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: wider
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 56 words.
GUESS #2: credo
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: breed
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 308 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 19 words.
GUESS #2: suite
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: quite
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 74 words.
GUESS #2: shale
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 20 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: chafe
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 172 words.
GUESS #2: angle
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: cause
filtering with green letter: c
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: cache
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: slick
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: blimp
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 183 words.
GUESS #2: deign
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 183 words.
GUESS #2: deign
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: fiend
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with green letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: logic
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
GUESS #3: speak
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: cheap
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: olive
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: elide
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 41 words.
GUESS #2: choir
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: lurid
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: rigid
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 172 words.
GUESS #2: angle
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: salve
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: false
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 20 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: regal
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: renal
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: pence
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: dowry
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: w
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: rowdy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with green letter: s
removed 27 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: shoot
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 74 words.
GUESS #2: shale
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: blaze
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 10 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: envoy
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: copse
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: posse
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: fried
filtering with yellow letter: f
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: grief
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: f
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: brief
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: under
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: never
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 118 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 14 words.
GUESS #2: stray
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: abort
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: house
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: mouse
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: dumpy
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: m
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: mucky
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 38 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 23 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: sulky
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 30 words.
GUESS #2: risen
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: fiery
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 51 words.
GUESS #2: alien
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: sepia
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: media
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: crust
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: truly
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: trunk
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 126 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 26 words.
GUESS #2: least
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: yeast
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 20 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: clear
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 38 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: snuck
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: spunk
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: skunk
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with green letter: s
removed 40 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: scald
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: scalp
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 308 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 9 words.
GUESS #2: minty
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: sixty
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: x
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: kitty
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: ditty
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: bitty
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 30 words.
GUESS #2: risen
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: diver
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: wider
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: cider
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 37 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 23 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: k
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: koala
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: duvet
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: ensue
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: segue
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 59 words.
GUESS #2: prone
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: crude
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: creme
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 35 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: usher
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: super
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 20 words.
GUESS #2: brink
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: crimp
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 2 words.
GUESS #4: grill
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 118 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: later
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: after
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 68 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: owner
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: under
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: cyber
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: b
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: ember
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 28 words.
GUESS #2: ready
filtering with green letter: r
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: realm
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: reach
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 56 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: godly
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: nobly
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 492 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: hefty
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: empty
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 35 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 20 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: bused
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: speed
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 53 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 11 words.
GUESS #3: gipsy
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 14 words.
GUESS #3: demur
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: recur
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: shock
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: smock
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 165 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 14 words.
GUESS #2: break
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: dream
filtering with green letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: dread
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 153 words.
GUESS #2: rouse
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: verge
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: merge
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 32 words.
GUESS #2: torus
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: burst
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 22 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 19 words.
GUESS #3: havoc
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: kappa
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 71 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: vista
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: amity
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with green letter: s
removed 40 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: k
removed 9 words.
GUESS #3: snaky
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: shaky
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 53 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: cower
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: hover
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 15 words.
GUESS #3: carol
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 32 words.
GUESS #2: torus
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 10 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: story
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: sport
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: short
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: snort
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 15 words.
GUESS #3: synod
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 58 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: saint
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: faint
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 16 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 11 words.
GUESS #3: jaunt
filtering with gray letter: j
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: gaunt
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: haunt
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 30 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: flour
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 105 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: flair
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: chair
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 42 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: detox
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 35 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 7 words.
GUESS #3: shrew
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 101 words.
GUESS #2: those
filtering with green letter: t
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: tense
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 183 words.
GUESS #2: deign
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: spied
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: plied
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 18 words.
GUESS #2: shard
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: ovary
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: quark
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: burly
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 25 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: novel
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 27 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 23 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: haven
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: oaken
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: waxen
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 41 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: stoic
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 18 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: decry
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: perky
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: jerky
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 308 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 9 words.
GUESS #2: minty
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: blitz
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 35 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: speck
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: beefy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 41 words.
GUESS #2: choir
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 20 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: lyric
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 33 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: hussy
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 42 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: motel
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: towel
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: guilt
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: built
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: quilt
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 25 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: below
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 16 words.
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 12 words.
GUESS #3: dingo
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: bingo
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 53 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: wispy
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 15 words.
GUESS #2: crank
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: brash
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 36 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: scope
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: scone
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 126 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 17 words.
GUESS #2: slant
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: coast
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: boast
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: toast
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 32 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: gavel
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: hazel
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: z
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: camel
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: easel
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 22 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 15 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: saucy
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 172 words.
GUESS #2: angle
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: salve
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: v
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: value
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with green letter: s
removed 37 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: smile
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: spike
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: spice
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 11 words.
GUESS #3: donor
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: honor
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 250 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 6 words.
GUESS #2: route
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 18 words.
GUESS #2: shard
filtering with green letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: sharp
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 22 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 15 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: saucy
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: bawdy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 3 words.
GUESS #2: acrid
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: radio
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: radii
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 38 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: slunk
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: skull
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 16 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: phony
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2275 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 10 words.
GUESS #2: imbue
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: issue
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 16 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: layer
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: lager
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 41 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: welsh
filtering with yellow letter: w
removed 13 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: swell
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 33 words.
GUESS #2: pride
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: brine
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: urine
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 22 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 15 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: saucy
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 16 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: gassy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 68 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: triad
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: trial
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 13 words.
GUESS #3: labor
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: flora
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: under
filtering with green letter: u
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: upper
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 16 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: fault
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: latch
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 48 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: light
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: night
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: might
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: wight
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 20 words.
GUESS #2: brink
filtering with green letter: b
removed 19 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: brisk
filtering with green letter: b
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: brick
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 31 words.
GUESS #2: outer
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: entry
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: retry
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 56 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: godly
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: nobly
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: coyly
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: folly
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #7: jolly
filtering with gray letter: j
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #8: holly
correct! got it in 8 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 32 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: delay
filtering with green letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: decal
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 15 words.
GUESS #2: crank
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: brash
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: grasp
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
GUESS #5: grass
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with green letter: s
removed 40 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: smack
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: shack
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with yellow letter: m
removed 106 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: comma
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: dogma
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 53 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: cower
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: hover
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: v
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: mover
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: under
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: defer
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 53 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 19 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: sower
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: sober
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 41 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: optic
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: fried
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: crier
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 77 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: dying
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: vying
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with yellow letter: m
removed 106 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: among
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: nomad
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 492 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 35 words.
GUESS #2: quote
filtering with gray letter: q
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: chute
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: flute
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: disco
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: hippo
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 18 words.
GUESS #2: shard
filtering with green letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: sharp
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: shark
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: fried
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: drier
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 36 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: chose
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: obese
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 56 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: bugle
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with green letter: t
removed 39 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: tangy
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: tawny
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 37 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 23 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: chalk
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 126 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 26 words.
GUESS #2: least
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: yeast
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: feast
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: burly
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: ruddy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 32 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 14 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: medal
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: pedal
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 18 words.
GUESS #2: shard
filtering with green letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: scarf
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 56 words.
GUESS #2: credo
filtering with green letter: c
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: cruel
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 59 words.
GUESS #2: steal
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: pleat
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: bleat
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 58 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: saint
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: vital
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: tidal
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 38 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: blush
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: plush
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: flush
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: slush
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 35 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: sheen
filtering with green letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: seven
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: semen
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 53 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: pinky
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: windy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 492 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 16 words.
GUESS #2: youth
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: lusty
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: musty
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: gusty
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: dusty
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 22 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 31 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: sadly
filtering with green letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: sally
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2275 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 4 words.
GUESS #2: ionic
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: igloo
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 18 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: decry
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: nerdy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 41 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: bevel
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: jewel
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 36 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: scope
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: shove
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: shone
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 74 words.
GUESS #2: shale
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 20 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: whale
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 35 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: sheen
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: hymen
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 172 words.
GUESS #2: angle
filtering with green letter: a
removed 28 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: adobe
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: abuse
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: nudge
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: fugue
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 67 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 37 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: elbow
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: crowd
filtering with green letter: c
removed 29 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: crump
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: crumb
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 45 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: candy
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: pansy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 41 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: welsh
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with green letter: s
removed 47 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: shrub
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: syrup
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 55 words.
GUESS #2: store
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: terse
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 74 words.
GUESS #2: shale
filtering with green letter: s
removed 28 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: spade
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: suave
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 16 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: patch
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: gamut
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 38 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: snuck
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 2 words.
GUESS #4: swung
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 27 words.
GUESS #2: grace
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: brake
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: drake
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 56 words.
GUESS #2: credo
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: breed
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: freed
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 18 words.
GUESS #2: afire
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 68 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 7 words.
GUESS #2: shirt
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: crust
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: grout
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 48 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 13 words.
GUESS #3: oddly
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 78 words.
GUESS #2: utile
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: tithe
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 409 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 1 words.
GUESS #2: snail
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: claim
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: plaid
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: dumpy
filtering with green letter: d
removed 16 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: dummy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: crowd
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 7 words.
GUESS #3: group
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 2 words.
GUESS #4: broom
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: blink
filtering with green letter: b
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: blind
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 32 words.
GUESS #2: torus
filtering with green letter: t
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: torch
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 35 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 9 words.
GUESS #3: bench
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: enemy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 409 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 1 words.
GUESS #2: snail
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: chain
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: again
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 10 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 6 words.
GUESS #3: tying
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 35 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: speck
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: pesky
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 118 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: later
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: alter
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: wager
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: gamer
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: gazer
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 56 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: noble
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 42 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 10 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: ethos
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 33 words.
GUESS #2: pride
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: bride
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 42 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: detox
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: x
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: extol
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 68 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: decor
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 72 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: howdy
filtering with green letter: h
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: hobby
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 126 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 26 words.
GUESS #2: least
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: yeast
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: feast
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: beast
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2275 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 4 words.
GUESS #2: ionic
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: igloo
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: idiom
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 31 words.
GUESS #2: outer
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 16 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: utter
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 101 words.
GUESS #2: those
filtering with green letter: t
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: these
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 308 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 9 words.
GUESS #2: minty
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 6 words.
GUESS #3: width
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: filth
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: sixth
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 18 words.
GUESS #2: shard
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: ovary
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: quark
filtering with gray letter: q
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: alarm
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 27 words.
GUESS #2: grace
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: brake
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: frame
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: drape
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: erase
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 56 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: flesh
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: elegy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 38 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: snuck
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: spunk
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 30 words.
GUESS #2: risen
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: diver
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: fixer
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: x
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: piper
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with green letter: s
removed 40 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: scald
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: scalp
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
GUESS #5: scaly
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 48 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: scold
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 492 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: hefty
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 31 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: whisk
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: chick
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 492 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 16 words.
GUESS #2: youth
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: lofty
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: sooty
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 45 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: banal
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: canal
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 53 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: shiny
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: whiny
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with green letter: s
removed 40 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 21 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: slang
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: slash
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 74 words.
GUESS #2: shale
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: knave
filtering with yellow letter: k
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: quake
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 34 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: point
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: joint
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: spelt
filtering with green letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: swept
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 59 words.
GUESS #2: prone
filtering with green letter: p
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: prude
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 103 words.
GUESS #2: heady
filtering with green letter: h
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: heavy
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 183 words.
GUESS #2: deign
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: yield
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: field
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: wield
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: pence
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: wedge
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: femme
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 22 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 28 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: salvo
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: lasso
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 44 words.
GUESS #2: alive
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: maize
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 74 words.
GUESS #2: shale
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 35 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 7 words.
GUESS #3: shrew
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: w
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: screw
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 153 words.
GUESS #2: rouse
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: serve
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: spree
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 13 words.
GUESS #3: showy
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: smoky
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 31 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: whisk
filtering with green letter: w
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: which
filtering with green letter: w
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: whiff
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 35 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: scent
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 74 words.
GUESS #2: shale
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: blaze
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: z
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: place
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: flame
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: glade
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 35 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: scent
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: spent
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 20 words.
GUESS #2: brink
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: crimp
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: m
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: prism
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 101 words.
GUESS #2: those
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: stove
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: stole
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: stoke
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 30 words.
GUESS #2: risen
filtering with green letter: r
removed 25 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: river
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: riper
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 48 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 4 words.
GUESS #2: drift
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: orbit
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 59 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 20 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: squad
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: q
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: cocoa
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: guilt
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 26 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 7 words.
GUESS #3: humus
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 38 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: shush
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 80 words.
GUESS #2: bathe
filtering with yellow letter: b
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: table
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 41 words.
GUESS #2: choir
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: risky
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: k
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: smirk
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: crowd
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: w
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: wrong
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 53 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: unify
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: noisy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 118 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: later
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: alert
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 53 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: shiny
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 151 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 5 words.
GUESS #2: slate
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: plate
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: elate
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 30 words.
GUESS #2: risen
filtering with green letter: r
removed 25 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: resin
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 56 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: glove
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: whole
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 19 words.
GUESS #3: munch
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: bunch
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: punch
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: hunch
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 183 words.
GUESS #2: deign
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
GUESS #3: pixel
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 38 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: solar
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: molar
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: polar
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 42 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: motel
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: hotel
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with green letter: s
removed 47 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: sworn
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: sword
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 59 words.
GUESS #2: steal
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: pleat
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: bleat
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: cleat
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with green letter: m
removed 102 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: mango
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with green letter: r
removed 47 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: rumba
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: dumpy
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: puffy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 88 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: filmy
filtering with green letter: f
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: filly
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 88 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: filmy
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: silky
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: dilly
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: billy
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 103 words.
GUESS #2: heady
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: leach
filtering with green letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: leash
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 23 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: flout
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: clout
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 172 words.
GUESS #2: angle
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 24 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: canoe
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: dance
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 151 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 5 words.
GUESS #2: slate
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: ovate
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 59 words.
GUESS #2: steal
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: facet
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: slick
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: child
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
GUESS #5: chill
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #6: chili
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 58 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: saint
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: faint
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: paint
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 30 words.
GUESS #2: risen
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 10 words.
GUESS #3: finer
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: diner
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: liner
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 41 words.
GUESS #2: choir
filtering with green letter: c
removed 20 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: curio
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 298 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 12 words.
GUESS #2: nasty
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: salty
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 13 words.
GUESS #2: anvil
filtering with green letter: a
removed 26 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: aphid
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: audio
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 74 words.
GUESS #2: shale
filtering with green letter: s
removed 28 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: spade
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: suave
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: snake
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 172 words.
GUESS #2: angle
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: fable
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 59 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: focal
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: cloak
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 32 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: panel
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: navel
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 32 words.
GUESS #2: torus
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: spurt
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 492 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: hefty
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: pesto
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with yellow letter: m
removed 106 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: balmy
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: flash
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 35 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 20 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: unfed
filtering with green letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: unwed
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 16 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: early
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 36 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: curly
filtering with green letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: churn
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 35 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 20 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: seedy
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: weedy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with green letter: s
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 10 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: stunk
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: study
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: stump
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 74 words.
GUESS #2: shale
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 33 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: lease
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 308 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 9 words.
GUESS #2: minty
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: sixty
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: x
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: kitty
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: ditty
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: bitty
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #7: witty
correct! got it in 7 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 53 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: wispy
filtering with green letter: w
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: wimpy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: shock
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: snoop
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 1 words.
GUESS #5: spoof
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: wager
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: baker
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: safer
filtering with green letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: saner
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 56 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: blend
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 22 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 28 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: salvo
filtering with green letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: salad
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: salsa
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 48 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: think
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: thick
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 138 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 1 words.
GUESS #2: party
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: warty
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 13 words.
GUESS #2: anvil
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: cabin
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: panic
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: manic
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 30 words.
GUESS #2: scare
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: glare
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: blare
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: disco
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: squib
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: shock
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: snoop
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 1 words.
GUESS #5: spoon
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 59 words.
GUESS #2: prone
filtering with green letter: p
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: prove
filtering with green letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: prose
filtering with green letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: probe
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 59 words.
GUESS #2: prone
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 15 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: crepe
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 37 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: whack
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: quack
filtering with gray letter: q
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: aback
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: knack
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 153 words.
GUESS #2: rouse
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 24 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: forge
filtering with green letter: f
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: force
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: cleft
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: debut
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 56 words.
GUESS #2: credo
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: order
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 298 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 17 words.
GUESS #2: saute
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: waste
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: paste
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: caste
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: haste
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 492 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: hefty
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: depth
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: tenth
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: teeth
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 59 words.
GUESS #2: steal
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: adept
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: agent
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 183 words.
GUESS #2: deign
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: widen
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2275 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 4 words.
GUESS #2: ionic
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: icily
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with green letter: s
removed 37 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: smile
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: slide
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: slice
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2275 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 3 words.
GUESS #2: ingot
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: clasp
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: clash
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 13 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: humor
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: furor
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: juror
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 48 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: blown
filtering with green letter: b
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: block
filtering with green letter: b
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: bloom
filtering with green letter: b
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
GUESS #6: blood
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 172 words.
GUESS #2: angle
filtering with green letter: a
removed 28 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: adobe
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: b
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: abode
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 32 words.
GUESS #2: torus
filtering with green letter: t
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: throw
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 308 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 9 words.
GUESS #2: minty
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 13 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: unity
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 41 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: pilot
filtering with green letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: pivot
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: spelt
filtering with green letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: slept
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: crust
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: troll
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: troop
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 30 words.
GUESS #2: scare
filtering with green letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: snare
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: share
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: spare
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 35 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: usher
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: sever
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: sewer
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 104 words.
GUESS #2: range
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: farce
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: parse
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: dowry
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: morph
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 71 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: vista
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: amity
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: cacti
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with green letter: t
removed 39 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: tacky
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 48 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: scold
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: spool
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 14 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 20 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: demon
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 72 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: howdy
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: goody
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: moody
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 13 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: annex
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 183 words.
GUESS #2: deign
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 15 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: begin
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: dumpy
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: funky
filtering with green letter: f
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: fuzzy
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 16 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: patch
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 118 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: later
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: cater
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: hater
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: water
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with green letter: l
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: lucky
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: lumpy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 13 words.
GUESS #2: anvil
filtering with green letter: a
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: admin
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
GUESS #3: speak
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: omega
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: unlit
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: limit
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with green letter: t
removed 39 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: tacky
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: tabby
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with green letter: m
removed 102 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: macho
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 44 words.
GUESS #2: alive
filtering with green letter: a
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: aisle
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 31 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: whisk
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: skimp
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: skiff
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 13 words.
GUESS #2: anvil
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: basic
filtering with green letter: b
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: basis
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 37 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 13 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: blank
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: flank
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: plank
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 153 words.
GUESS #2: rouse
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: verge
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 23 words.
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: notch
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: botch
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 15 words.
GUESS #2: crank
filtering with green letter: c
removed 20 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: crash
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: crazy
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: z
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: cramp
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: crawl
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 409 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 1 words.
GUESS #2: snail
filtering with green letter: s
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: slain
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: disco
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: pubic
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: b
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: cubic
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 18 words.
GUESS #2: afire
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: raise
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 15 words.
GUESS #2: crank
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: wrack
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: guile
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: guide
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 34 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: moist
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: joist
filtering with gray letter: j
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: foist
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 27 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 23 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: cameo
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: under
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 118 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 14 words.
GUESS #2: stray
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: abort
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: actor
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 153 words.
GUESS #2: rouse
filtering with green letter: r
removed 31 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: rupee
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: revue
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 15 words.
GUESS #2: crank
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: brash
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: drawl
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: fraud
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 13 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: harpy
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: shock
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: scoop
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: slick
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: climb
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: under
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: cyber
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: fewer
filtering with yellow letter: f
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: refer
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: reply
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: clerk
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 20 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: smear
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: debar
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with green letter: t
removed 39 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: tally
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 73 words.
GUESS #2: fetid
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: stein
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: ethic
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 3 words.
GUESS #2: acrid
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: cigar
filtering with green letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: cairn
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 101 words.
GUESS #2: those
filtering with green letter: t
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: tulle
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 48 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: ghoul
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 88 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: filmy
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: silky
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: dilly
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: billy
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #7: hilly
correct! got it in 7 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 59 words.
GUESS #2: prone
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: crude
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 38 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 4 words.
GUESS #2: smart
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: quart
filtering with gray letter: q
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: chart
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: apart
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 74 words.
GUESS #2: shale
filtering with green letter: s
removed 28 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: scale
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: older
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 409 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 1 words.
GUESS #2: snail
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: plain
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 35 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: serum
filtering with green letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: m
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: sperm
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 20 words.
GUESS #2: brink
filtering with green letter: b
removed 19 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: bring
filtering with green letter: b
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: briny
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 16 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 22 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: ascot
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: afoot
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: abbot
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 18 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: decry
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #4: rerun
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: spelt
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: guest
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: quest
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 20 words.
GUESS #2: brink
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: crimp
filtering with green letter: c
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: p
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: crisp
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 72 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 26 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: hound
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: pound
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: found
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: mound
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #7: bound
correct! got it in 7 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 73 words.
GUESS #2: fetid
filtering with yellow letter: f
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: befit
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 15 words.
GUESS #2: crank
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: brawn
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: w
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: drawn
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 308 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 19 words.
GUESS #2: suite
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2275 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 3 words.
GUESS #2: ingot
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: itchy
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: under
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: cyber
filtering with green letter: c
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: cheer
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 32 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: gavel
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: bagel
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 35 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: speck
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: guess
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 165 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: groan
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: croak
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: broad
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 13 words.
GUESS #2: anvil
filtering with green letter: a
removed 26 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: axiom
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 18 words.
GUESS #2: shard
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: chard
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 16 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: patch
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: caput
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 126 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 26 words.
GUESS #2: least
filtering with green letter: l
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: leant
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 26 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: marsh
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: harsh
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 153 words.
GUESS #2: rouse
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 14 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: purse
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: nurse
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: curse
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: crowd
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 12 words.
GUESS #3: frond
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: proud
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 31 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 13 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: using
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: swing
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: opine
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 298 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 17 words.
GUESS #2: saute
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: waste
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: paste
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: caste
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: haste
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #7: baste
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #8: taste
correct! got it in 8 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with green letter: l
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: lupus
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 88 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: buxom
filtering with yellow letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: x
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: m
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: jumbo
filtering with gray letter: j
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: b
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: gumbo
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 30 words.
GUESS #2: risen
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 10 words.
GUESS #3: finer
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: diner
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: liner
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: miner
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 56 words.
GUESS #2: credo
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: fresh
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: preen
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: green
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: chaos
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: chasm
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with green letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: lucid
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: lipid
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 34 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: toxic
filtering with green letter: t
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: x
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: topic
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 165 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: groan
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: ardor
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: arbor
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: armor
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: crowd
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 22 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: brush
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 27 words.
GUESS #2: grace
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: craze
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: z
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: crave
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: crane
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 26 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: mural
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 32 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: abled
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 58 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: saint
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: habit
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 72 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 16 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 22 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: bossy
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: wager
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: baker
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: maker
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: husky
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: musky
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: dusky
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 53 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: wispy
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: dizzy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 78 words.
GUESS #2: utile
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: tilde
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: lithe
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: crowd
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 7 words.
GUESS #3: group
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 2 words.
GUESS #4: broom
filtering with green letter: b
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
GUESS #5: brook
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 22 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 15 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: saucy
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: bawdy
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: jazzy
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 308 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 9 words.
GUESS #2: minty
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: sixty
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: x
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: kitty
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: fifty
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: dense
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: sense
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 409 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: stain
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: giant
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with green letter: s
removed 47 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: slurp
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: surly
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with green letter: l
removed 51 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: legal
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 16 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: fault
filtering with green letter: f
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: fatal
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 38 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: pluck
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 3 words.
GUESS #4: flunk
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 9 words.
GUESS #3: ocean
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: began
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 59 words.
GUESS #2: prone
filtering with green letter: p
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: prune
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with green letter: s
removed 40 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: shawl
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: small
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 126 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 17 words.
GUESS #2: slant
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: shock
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: scoop
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: scoff
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 32 words.
GUESS #2: torus
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 53 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: ninny
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 8 words.
GUESS #3: covey
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 30 words.
GUESS #2: risen
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: diver
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: v
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: viper
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 59 words.
GUESS #2: steal
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: facet
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: taken
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 38 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: coral
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: moral
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: vogue
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 31 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 13 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: using
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: doing
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: owing
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 42 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: token
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 31 words.
GUESS #2: outer
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: entry
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 492 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 16 words.
GUESS #2: youth
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: month
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: sooth
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: booth
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 31 words.
GUESS #2: outer
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 23 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: voter
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: olive
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: chide
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 183 words.
GUESS #2: deign
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 8 words.
GUESS #3: elfin
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 10 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: envoy
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: ebony
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 183 words.
GUESS #2: deign
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 15 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: neigh
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: cumin
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: minim
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 25 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: melon
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 35 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 20 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: unfed
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: kneed
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 14 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 20 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: decoy
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 13 words.
GUESS #2: anvil
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: v
removed 13 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: viola
filtering with green letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: voila
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 172 words.
GUESS #2: angle
filtering with green letter: a
removed 28 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: ankle
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 165 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: groan
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: ardor
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 2 words.
GUESS #4: arrow
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: husky
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: pushy
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: bushy
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: mushy
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 48 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 8 words.
GUESS #2: trice
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: tribe
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 74 words.
GUESS #2: shale
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 33 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: usage
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: abase
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: cease
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: wager
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: eager
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 79 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: girth
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: birth
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 15 words.
GUESS #2: crank
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: brash
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 4 words.
GUESS #4: graph
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 68 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: owner
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: offer
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: odder
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 118 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: later
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: avert
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: terra
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 30 words.
GUESS #2: risen
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: weird
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 48 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 10 words.
GUESS #2: tried
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 37 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 13 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: black
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: flack
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: clack
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 36 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: color
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 13 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 14 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: round
filtering with green letter: r
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: rough
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 183 words.
GUESS #2: deign
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 15 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: weigh
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 23 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: uncut
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 172 words.
GUESS #2: angle
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: fable
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: maple
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: ladle
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 68 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 7 words.
GUESS #2: shirt
filtering with green letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: strip
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 45 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 2 words.
GUESS #2: craft
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: cumin
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: m
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: minus
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 183 words.
GUESS #2: deign
filtering with green letter: d
removed 34 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: dicey
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 58 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: saint
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: antic
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: titan
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with green letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: lucid
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 3 words.
GUESS #2: acrid
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: cigar
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: vicar
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 56 words.
GUESS #2: credo
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: breed
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: dress
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 48 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 6 words.
GUESS #3: pitch
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: ditch
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 45 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: gypsy
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 298 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 12 words.
GUESS #2: nasty
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: pasta
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with green letter: t
removed 39 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: tacky
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: tabby
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: taffy
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 74 words.
GUESS #2: shale
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: blaze
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: z
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: place
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: flame
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: shock
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: snoop
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: p
removed 1 words.
GUESS #5: swoop
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 59 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: focal
filtering with yellow letter: f
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: aloof
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 48 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: sight
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 59 words.
GUESS #2: prone
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: drove
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: broke
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 38 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 8 words.
GUESS #2: react
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: teary
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 38 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 4 words.
GUESS #2: smart
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: quart
filtering with gray letter: q
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: chart
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 308 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 9 words.
GUESS #2: minty
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: sixty
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: dowry
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: wordy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 35 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: usher
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: sheer
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with green letter: l
removed 85 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: leper
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 6 words.
GUESS #3: money
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: nosey
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 56 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: bugle
filtering with green letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: bulge
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: manor
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: favor
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: savor
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 37 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 13 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: clamp
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: dumpy
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: funky
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 37 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: foamy
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 34 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: toxic
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 15 words.
GUESS #2: crank
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: brand
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 38 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: pluck
filtering with green letter: p
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: plumb
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 53 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: dingy
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 492 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 35 words.
GUESS #2: quote
filtering with gray letter: q
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: butte
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 20 words.
GUESS #2: brink
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: crimp
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 2 words.
GUESS #4: grill
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: drill
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 48 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 8 words.
GUESS #2: trice
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: tribe
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: tripe
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 183 words.
GUESS #2: deign
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
GUESS #3: pixel
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: x
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: bicep
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 31 words.
GUESS #2: outer
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 23 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: tenor
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 20 words.
GUESS #2: brink
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: k
removed 13 words.
GUESS #3: krill
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 153 words.
GUESS #2: rouse
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 24 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: worse
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 15 words.
GUESS #2: crank
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: brash
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: drawl
filtering with green letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: drama
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 10 words.
GUESS #3: sneak
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: hyena
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 48 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: think
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 88 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 20 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: tapir
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: ratio
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 38 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: cobra
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 13 words.
GUESS #2: anvil
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: basil
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with green letter: s
removed 47 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: scrub
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: scrum
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 35 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 20 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: bused
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 36 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: phone
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 32 words.
GUESS #2: torus
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: court
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 32 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: gavel
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: hazel
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: z
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: camel
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: crowd
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 7 words.
GUESS #3: group
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 2 words.
GUESS #4: proxy
filtering with green letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: x
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: proof
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 28 words.
GUESS #2: ready
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: beard
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: heard
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 32 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: angel
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 59 words.
GUESS #2: steal
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: metal
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: petal
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 492 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 16 words.
GUESS #2: youth
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: pouty
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 32 words.
GUESS #2: torus
filtering with green letter: t
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: throw
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: throb
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 172 words.
GUESS #2: angle
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: cause
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: maybe
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 59 words.
GUESS #2: steal
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: metal
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: petal
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: fetal
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 41 words.
GUESS #2: choir
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: lurid
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: sprig
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with green letter: s
removed 37 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: spine
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 59 words.
GUESS #2: steal
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: facet
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: cadet
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: manor
filtering with green letter: m
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: macro
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 72 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: howdy
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: dodgy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 118 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 14 words.
GUESS #2: stray
filtering with green letter: s
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: satyr
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: wager
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: baker
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: safer
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: racer
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #7: rarer
correct! got it in 7 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 19 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: hinge
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: binge
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 81 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 20 words.
GUESS #2: crept
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: trend
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 492 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 16 words.
GUESS #2: youth
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: lusty
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: putty
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: nutty
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 126 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 26 words.
GUESS #2: least
filtering with green letter: l
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: leant
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: leapt
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 13 words.
GUESS #2: anvil
filtering with green letter: a
removed 26 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: axiom
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: x
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: m
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: amiss
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: split
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: myrrh
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 308 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 9 words.
GUESS #2: minty
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 6 words.
GUESS #3: width
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 38 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: borax
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: x
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: sonar
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 31 words.
GUESS #2: outer
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 23 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: tower
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: manor
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: baron
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: under
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: cyber
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: fewer
filtering with green letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: fever
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: wager
filtering with green letter: w
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: waver
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 18 words.
GUESS #2: shard
filtering with green letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: scarf
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: snarl
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: swarm
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: spark
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: olive
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: belie
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 48 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: scold
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: spool
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: sloop
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 41 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: bevel
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: excel
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: x
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: expel
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 492 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 35 words.
GUESS #2: quote
filtering with gray letter: q
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: smote
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 16 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 19 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: baler
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 172 words.
GUESS #2: angle
filtering with green letter: a
removed 28 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: adobe
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: above
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 250 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 3 words.
GUESS #2: forth
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: worth
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: north
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: wager
filtering with green letter: w
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: waver
filtering with green letter: w
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: wafer
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 126 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 17 words.
GUESS #2: slant
filtering with green letter: s
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: scant
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 20 words.
GUESS #2: brink
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: crimp
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 2 words.
GUESS #4: grill
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: drill
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: frill
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: gnash
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: quash
filtering with gray letter: q
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: awash
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with green letter: s
removed 40 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: smack
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: shack
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: snack
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 48 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: scold
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: scowl
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 64 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: drain
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: frail
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 48 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 4 words.
GUESS #2: drift
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with green letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: lucid
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: limbo
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: pence
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: fence
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 42 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: motel
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 36 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: ounce
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 165 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 14 words.
GUESS #2: break
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: creak
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: freak
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: wreak
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: rebel
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: revel
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 20 words.
GUESS #2: brink
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: crimp
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 3 words.
GUESS #4: privy
filtering with green letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: prior
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 36 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: knelt
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 25 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: below
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: cello
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 74 words.
GUESS #2: shale
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: blaze
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: z
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: place
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: flame
filtering with green letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: flake
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 35 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 20 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: seedy
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: debug
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 172 words.
GUESS #2: angle
filtering with green letter: a
removed 28 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: anode
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 33 words.
GUESS #2: pride
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: brine
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: grime
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: crime
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 172 words.
GUESS #2: angle
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: salve
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with green letter: s
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: snout
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: spout
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: scout
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2275 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 10 words.
GUESS #2: imbue
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 53 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: pinky
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 126 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 33 words.
GUESS #2: stale
filtering with green letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: stage
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: stake
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: stave
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 172 words.
GUESS #2: angle
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 22 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: vague
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: chock
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 48 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: light
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: night
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: might
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: wight
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #7: fight
correct! got it in 7 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 183 words.
GUESS #2: deign
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: yield
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: video
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 101 words.
GUESS #2: those
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: stove
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: stole
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: stoke
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: stone
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 126 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 26 words.
GUESS #2: least
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: teach
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: cleft
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: crust
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: frost
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 15 words.
GUESS #2: crank
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: brawn
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: w
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: drawn
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: w
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: prawn
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 492 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 16 words.
GUESS #2: youth
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: lofty
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: sooty
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: booty
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 16 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: twist
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 13 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: annex
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: x
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: apnea
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: stink
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: still
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: stiff
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 37 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 13 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: bland
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: plaza
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with green letter: l
removed 75 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: ledge
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 59 words.
GUESS #2: steal
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: wheat
filtering with yellow letter: w
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: tweak
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 18 words.
GUESS #2: shard
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: board
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 45 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 2 words.
GUESS #2: craft
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: grant
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 183 words.
GUESS #2: deign
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 27 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 10 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: medic
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: wagon
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: bacon
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 172 words.
GUESS #2: angle
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: fable
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: b
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: cable
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 15 words.
GUESS #2: crank
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: brash
filtering with green letter: b
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: bravo
filtering with green letter: b
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: brawl
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 38 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: slunk
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with green letter: r
removed 47 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: randy
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: raspy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 13 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 21 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: forum
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 59 words.
GUESS #2: prone
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: drone
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 6 words.
GUESS #3: woven
filtering with green letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: woken
filtering with green letter: w
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: women
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 26 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 7 words.
GUESS #3: humus
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: mucus
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 126 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 17 words.
GUESS #2: slant
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: coast
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: boast
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 23 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: toddy
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 6 words.
GUESS #3: woven
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: coven
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 32 words.
GUESS #2: torus
filtering with green letter: t
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: tumor
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 81 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 20 words.
GUESS #2: crept
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: truer
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 53 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 2 words.
GUESS #2: wrath
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 126 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 17 words.
GUESS #2: slant
filtering with green letter: s
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: stalk
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: stall
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 59 words.
GUESS #2: steal
filtering with green letter: s
removed 20 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: stead
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: steak
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #5: steam
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 13 words.
GUESS #2: anvil
filtering with green letter: a
removed 26 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: axial
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: under
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: buyer
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: queer
filtering with gray letter: q
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: purer
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 13 words.
GUESS #2: anvil
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: gaily
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: daily
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 64 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: train
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: trail
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 19 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: niche
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 103 words.
GUESS #2: heady
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: leaky
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: mealy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: olive
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: chide
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: juice
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 48 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 13 words.
GUESS #3: nylon
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 38 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: pluck
filtering with green letter: p
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: plumb
filtering with green letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
GUESS #5: plump
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 18 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: decry
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: ferry
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: merry
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 409 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 1 words.
GUESS #2: snail
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: quail
filtering with gray letter: q
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: avail
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: flail
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 22 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 28 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: salvo
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: laugh
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: cabal
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: papal
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 59 words.
GUESS #2: steal
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: wheat
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 18 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: decry
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: ferry
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: merry
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: berry
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 53 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: cower
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 81 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 20 words.
GUESS #2: crept
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: erect
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 104 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 3 words.
GUESS #2: wrote
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: brute
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 41 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: welsh
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: leggy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with green letter: s
removed 37 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: spine
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: snipe
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 183 words.
GUESS #2: deign
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 9 words.
GUESS #3: piney
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: sinew
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 30 words.
GUESS #2: risen
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: skier
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 35 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 9 words.
GUESS #3: bench
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: penny
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: dumpy
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: m
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: p
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: jumpy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with green letter: r
removed 47 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: rally
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 26 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: marsh
filtering with yellow letter: m
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: umbra
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 18 words.
GUESS #2: shard
filtering with green letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: scarf
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: scary
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 22 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: modem
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: crowd
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 7 words.
GUESS #3: group
filtering with green letter: g
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: groom
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: gross
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 13 words.
GUESS #2: anvil
filtering with green letter: a
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: v
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: avian
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 56 words.
GUESS #2: credo
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: breed
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: freed
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: greed
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 58 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: saint
filtering with green letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: satin
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 34 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: toxic
filtering with green letter: t
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: x
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: topic
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: tonic
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 26 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: marsh
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: parka
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 31 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: scion
filtering with green letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: sniff
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with green letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: lucid
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: lipid
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: livid
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 38 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 4 words.
GUESS #2: smart
filtering with green letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: stark
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: crust
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: truly
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: trunk
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: trump
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 53 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 11 words.
GUESS #3: gipsy
filtering with green letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: giddy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 153 words.
GUESS #2: rouse
filtering with green letter: r
removed 31 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: reuse
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with green letter: t
removed 39 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: taboo
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 13 words.
GUESS #2: anvil
filtering with green letter: a
removed 26 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: v
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: avoid
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 492 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 35 words.
GUESS #2: quote
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 183 words.
GUESS #2: deign
filtering with green letter: d
removed 34 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: devil
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 183 words.
GUESS #2: deign
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 8 words.
GUESS #3: elfin
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: liken
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 48 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: floss
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: gloss
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: wager
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: gamer
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: gazer
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: z
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: gayer
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 31 words.
GUESS #2: outer
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: threw
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: egret
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: beret
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 50 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: noise
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 37 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 13 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: bland
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: gland
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 126 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 26 words.
GUESS #2: least
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: dealt
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 16 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: fling
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: cling
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: sling
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 13 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: humor
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: m
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: rumor
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 40 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: repay
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: opera
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 48 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: think
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: thigh
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with green letter: t
removed 39 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: tonga
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 30 words.
GUESS #2: scare
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: glare
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: blare
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: flare
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 72 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 26 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: hound
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: pound
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: found
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: mound
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #7: bound
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #8: wound
correct! got it in 8 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 308 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 19 words.
GUESS #2: suite
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: white
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 38 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 23 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: bulky
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 101 words.
GUESS #2: those
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: etude
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 153 words.
GUESS #2: rouse
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 24 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: worse
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: horse
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 3 words.
GUESS #2: acrid
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: circa
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 22 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 15 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: saucy
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: bawdy
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: paddy
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2275 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 4 words.
GUESS #2: ionic
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: inbox
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 53 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: wispy
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: dizzy
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: z
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: z
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: fizzy
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 64 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: drain
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: brain
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: grain
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 31 words.
GUESS #2: outer
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: stern
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: exert
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 153 words.
GUESS #2: rouse
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 14 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 10 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: surge
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 32 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: fecal
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: bleak
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: gleam
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 56 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: delve
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: melee
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: belle
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 22 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 28 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: salvo
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: crowd
filtering with green letter: c
removed 29 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: crump
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: crush
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 48 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 4 words.
GUESS #2: drift
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: fruit
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 22 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 15 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: saucy
filtering with green letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: savoy
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: sappy
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 118 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: later
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: tamer
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: taper
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: taker
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 45 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 2 words.
GUESS #2: craft
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: tract
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: opine
filtering with green letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: ovine
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 53 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: spicy
filtering with green letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: spiky
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 15 words.
GUESS #2: crank
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: drank
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: prank
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: frank
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 18 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: decry
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: nerdy
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: reedy
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 308 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 9 words.
GUESS #2: minty
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 6 words.
GUESS #3: width
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: filth
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with green letter: s
removed 40 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: swamp
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: m
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: spasm
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 74 words.
GUESS #2: shale
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 21 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: heave
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with green letter: m
removed 102 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: macho
filtering with green letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 3 words.
GUESS #4: mambo
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 68 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 7 words.
GUESS #2: shirt
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: right
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 37 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 13 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: clank
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: crust
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: trust
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 41 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 15 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 8 words.
GUESS #3: lumen
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 153 words.
GUESS #2: rouse
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 24 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: forge
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: horde
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: borne
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: shock
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 5 words.
GUESS #4: spook
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 172 words.
GUESS #2: angle
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: cause
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: sauce
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 20 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: amber
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 80 words.
GUESS #2: bathe
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: lathe
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 118 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 14 words.
GUESS #2: stray
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: carat
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 53 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: cower
filtering with green letter: c
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: cover
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: corer
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 79 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: girth
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: dirty
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 38 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: shyly
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: slyly
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 13 words.
GUESS #2: anvil
filtering with green letter: a
removed 26 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: aphid
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: affix
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 59 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 17 words.
GUESS #3: alloy
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 58 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: saint
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: faint
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: paint
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: taint
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 35 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: sheep
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 53 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: pinky
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: kinky
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 56 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: godly
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: nobly
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: coyly
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: folly
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #7: wooly
correct! got it in 7 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 172 words.
GUESS #2: angle
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: cause
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: mauve
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 38 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: pluck
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: flung
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 16 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: patch
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: yacht
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: fried
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 409 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 1 words.
GUESS #2: snail
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: quail
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: crust
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: grunt
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: brunt
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 20 words.
GUESS #2: brink
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: crimp
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: m
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: grimy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 36 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: curly
filtering with green letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: curvy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 27 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 23 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: cameo
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: cagey
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 57 words.
GUESS #2: shire
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: rinse
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 23 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: deuce
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 151 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 5 words.
GUESS #2: slate
filtering with green letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: skate
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: state
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 15 words.
GUESS #2: crank
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: brash
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: grasp
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 88 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: filmy
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: m
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: milky
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: cumin
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: bison
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 45 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 2 words.
GUESS #2: craft
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: f
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: draft
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: f
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: graft
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 45 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: candy
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: handy
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: sandy
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 298 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 17 words.
GUESS #2: saute
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: waste
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: paste
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: caste
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: haste
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #7: baste
correct! got it in 7 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: flask
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: pence
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: wedge
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: hedge
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 41 words.
GUESS #2: choir
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: risky
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: girly
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with green letter: s
removed 40 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: swamp
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: w
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: swash
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 8 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 6 words.
GUESS #3: money
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: honey
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: boney
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: coupe
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 22 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: endow
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: manor
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: abhor
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 41 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: welsh
filtering with green letter: w
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: welch
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 74 words.
GUESS #2: shale
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: blaze
filtering with green letter: b
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: z
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: blade
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 48 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: light
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: night
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: might
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: wight
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #7: fight
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #8: tight
correct! got it in 8 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: dense
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: geese
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 30 words.
GUESS #2: risen
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: miser
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 79 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: girth
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: birth
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: mirth
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 48 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: ghoul
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: cloud
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 22 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 28 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: salvo
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: laugh
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: cabal
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 41 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: welsh
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: leech
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 56 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: close
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 492 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: hefty
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: depth
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: tenth
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 9 words.
GUESS #3: ocean
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: pecan
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 48 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 4 words.
GUESS #2: drift
filtering with green letter: d
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: droit
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 64 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: drain
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: frail
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: grail
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 56 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: glove
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: bloke
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: clone
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 50 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: guise
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with green letter: r
removed 47 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: ralph
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with green letter: t
removed 39 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: tango
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 53 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: wispy
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: dizzy
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: z
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: z
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: biddy
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 308 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 9 words.
GUESS #2: minty
filtering with yellow letter: m
removed 16 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: smith
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 53 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: cower
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: w
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: power
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: w
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: mower
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 172 words.
GUESS #2: angle
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: cause
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: maybe
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: payee
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 30 words.
GUESS #2: risen
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: serif
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 27 words.
GUESS #2: grace
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: brake
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: frame
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: drape
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 308 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 9 words.
GUESS #2: minty
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 6 words.
GUESS #3: width
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: filth
filtering with green letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: fifth
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with green letter: s
removed 40 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 9 words.
GUESS #3: shank
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: spank
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 74 words.
GUESS #2: shale
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: blaze
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: z
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: glaze
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 16 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 22 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 15 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: allot
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: crust
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 16 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: truck
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 22 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 20 words.
GUESS #3: bayou
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: kayak
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 41 words.
GUESS #2: choir
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: risky
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: virus
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 492 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: hefty
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: zesty
filtering with gray letter: z
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: testy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 101 words.
GUESS #2: those
filtering with green letter: t
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: tulle
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: tepee
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 38 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 23 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: bulky
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: pulpy
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: gully
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: fully
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 59 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 28 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: zonal
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 31 words.
GUESS #2: outer
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 23 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: metro
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 36 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: curly
filtering with green letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: curvy
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: curry
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 15 words.
GUESS #2: crank
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: brand
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: grand
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 45 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 9 words.
GUESS #3: banjo
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 13 words.
GUESS #2: anvil
filtering with green letter: a
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: aping
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: axion
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 41 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: bevel
filtering with green letter: b
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: bezel
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 45 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: occur
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 409 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 1 words.
GUESS #2: snail
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: chain
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 51 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: salon
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: nasal
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 8 words.
GUESS #3: covey
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: gooey
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 30 words.
GUESS #2: risen
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: diver
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: fixer
filtering with green letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: x
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: fiber
filtering with green letter: f
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: filer
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 27 words.
GUESS #2: grace
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: brace
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 59 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 17 words.
GUESS #3: alloy
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: allay
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: disco
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: pubic
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 13 words.
GUESS #3: ramen
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: raven
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 32 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: delay
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: plead
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: gnash
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 37 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 13 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: k
removed 7 words.
GUESS #3: flaky
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 19 words.
GUESS #3: munch
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 38 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 23 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: bulky
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: pulpy
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: gully
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: fully
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #7: dully
correct! got it in 7 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 183 words.
GUESS #2: deign
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 13 words.
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: eking
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 48 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: think
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: thing
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: blink
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: clink
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: slink
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: burly
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: murky
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: furry
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: hurry
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: cleft
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: f
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: theft
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with green letter: s
removed 47 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: sworn
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: shorn
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 45 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: pygmy
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with green letter: r
removed 47 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: rumba
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: ranch
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 20 words.
GUESS #2: brink
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: grind
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: wring
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 25 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: melon
filtering with yellow letter: m
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: lemon
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 153 words.
GUESS #2: rouse
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 24 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: swore
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: score
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: spore
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: shore
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with green letter: m
removed 102 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: macho
filtering with green letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: madam
filtering with green letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: m
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: magma
filtering with green letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: mamma
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 59 words.
GUESS #2: prone
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: drove
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: broke
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: froze
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: under
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: never
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: newer
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 101 words.
GUESS #2: those
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: style
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: copse
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: goose
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: noose
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: moose
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 58 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: saint
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: antic
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: crowd
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: w
removed 16 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: drown
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 9 words.
GUESS #3: ocean
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: began
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: vegan
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 35 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: speck
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: chess
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: dumpy
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: p
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: guppy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 31 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: scion
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: union
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with green letter: l
removed 85 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: leper
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: lever
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: dowry
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: lorry
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2275 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 22 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: image
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 22 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 15 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: saucy
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: wacky
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: caddy
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: cabby
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 20 words.
GUESS #2: brink
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: druid
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 126 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 26 words.
GUESS #2: least
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: enact
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: exact
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 104 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 2 words.
GUESS #2: froth
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: truth
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 14 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 20 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: dopey
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 40 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: spear
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: fried
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: pried
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: cried
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: olive
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: chide
filtering with green letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: chime
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: crowd
filtering with green letter: c
removed 29 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: crock
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: croup
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: crony
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with green letter: s
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 10 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: stunk
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: until
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: timid
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 16 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: patch
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: watch
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: batch
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 172 words.
GUESS #2: angle
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 20 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: gauze
filtering with green letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: z
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: gauge
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 32 words.
GUESS #2: torus
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: motor
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: rotor
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 136 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 15 words.
GUESS #2: crank
filtering with green letter: c
removed 20 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: crack
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 153 words.
GUESS #2: rouse
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 14 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: purge
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: curve
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 298 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 17 words.
GUESS #2: saute
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: latte
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 48 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 6 words.
GUESS #3: pitch
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: ditch
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: witch
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 19 words.
GUESS #3: munch
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: bunch
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: rebel
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: revel
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: repel
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 13 words.
GUESS #2: anvil
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with green letter: s
removed 40 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: swamp
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: soapy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 31 words.
GUESS #2: outer
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: deter
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: meter
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 104 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 2 words.
GUESS #2: froth
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: broth
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with green letter: m
removed 102 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: madly
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: fried
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: pried
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: cried
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: dried
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: scene
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: chock
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: known
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with green letter: m
removed 102 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: macho
filtering with green letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: madam
filtering with green letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: m
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: magma
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 32 words.
GUESS #2: torus
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: roost
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with yellow letter: m
removed 106 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: among
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: nomad
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: woman
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 23 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 21 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: thong
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 19 words.
GUESS #3: munch
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: bunch
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: punch
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 298 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 12 words.
GUESS #2: nasty
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: hasty
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: pasty
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 72 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: howdy
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: w
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: downy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: amend
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: knead
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 41 words.
GUESS #2: choir
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: shirk
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: whirl
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 3 words.
GUESS #2: acrid
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: rabid
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: rapid
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 37 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 13 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: clamp
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: clang
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 20 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: amber
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: anger
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 539 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 14 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 33 words.
GUESS #2: pride
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: drive
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 72 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: howdy
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: foggy
filtering with yellow letter: f
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: goofy
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 409 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 14 words.
GUESS #2: email
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: disco
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: music
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with green letter: s
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 10 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: stunk
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: study
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: stump
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: stuff
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 56 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: sleep
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: p
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: bleep
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 30 words.
GUESS #2: risen
filtering with green letter: r
removed 25 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: river
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: riper
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: rider
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
GUESS #3: speak
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: mecca
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 23 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: spoil
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: folio
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 7 words.
GUESS #3: fetus
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: setup
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 68 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: verso
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: gnash
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: quash
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: wagon
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: sauna
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: fauna
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: dumpy
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: m
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: gummy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 22 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 15 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: saucy
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: bawdy
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: jazzy
filtering with gray letter: j
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: z
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: z
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: happy
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 41 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 14 words.
GUESS #3: newly
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 64 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 33 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: hussy
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: fussy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 30 words.
GUESS #2: risen
filtering with green letter: r
removed 25 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: relic
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 37 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: foamy
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: guava
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 138 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 1 words.
GUESS #2: party
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: ratty
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: nudge
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: budge
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: fudge
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 14 words.
GUESS #3: demur
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: femur
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 41 words.
GUESS #2: choir
filtering with green letter: c
removed 20 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: chirp
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 250 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 6 words.
GUESS #2: route
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: forte
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 21 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 13 words.
GUESS #2: anvil
filtering with green letter: a
removed 26 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: alibi
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: opine
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: whine
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 492 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: hefty
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: zesty
filtering with gray letter: z
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: jetty
filtering with gray letter: j
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: petty
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 56 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: godly
filtering with green letter: g
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: golly
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 409 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: stain
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: plait
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 56 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: flesh
filtering with green letter: f
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: fleck
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 25 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: melon
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: felon
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 130 words.
GUESS #2: scour
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 13 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 14 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: round
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: gourd
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 37 words.
GUESS #2: crowd
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: w
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: grown
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: w
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: frown
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: w
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: brown
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 32 words.
GUESS #2: torus
filtering with green letter: t
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: thrum
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: disco
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: ficus
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 126 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 17 words.
GUESS #2: slant
filtering with green letter: s
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: stack
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: stamp
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: staff
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: stash
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 18 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: decry
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 30 words.
GUESS #2: risen
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: miser
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: wiser
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 298 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 12 words.
GUESS #2: nasty
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 13 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: junta
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 41 words.
GUESS #2: choir
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: vigor
filtering with green letter: v
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: visor
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 16 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 11 words.
GUESS #3: jaunt
filtering with gray letter: j
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: gaunt
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: haunt
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: daunt
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 153 words.
GUESS #2: rouse
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: serve
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: spree
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: scree
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2275 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 10 words.
GUESS #2: index
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: x
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: impel
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 409 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: stain
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: plait
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: await
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 56 words.
GUESS #2: credo
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: fresh
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: press
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 36 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: chose
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: whose
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 32 words.
GUESS #2: torus
filtering with green letter: t
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: turbo
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 67 words.
GUESS #2: shout
filtering with green letter: s
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: stomp
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: p
removed 4 words.
GUESS #4: stoop
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 159 words.
GUESS #2: laden
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
GUESS #3: speak
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with green letter: m
removed 102 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: mangy
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 183 words.
GUESS #2: deign
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 15 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 13 words.
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: eking
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: eying
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2275 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 4 words.
GUESS #2: inlet
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 83 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 33 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 59 words.
GUESS #2: prone
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: drone
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: crone
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 56 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: pulse
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 72 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 16 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 22 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: bossy
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: mossy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 409 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: stain
filtering with green letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: staid
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: pence
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: fence
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: hence
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: cumin
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: winch
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: finch
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: pinch
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 7 words.
GUESS #3: fetch
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: teddy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 38 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 23 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: sulky
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: sully
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 153 words.
GUESS #2: rouse
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 24 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: swore
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: score
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: spore
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: shore
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #7: snore
correct! got it in 7 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 30 words.
GUESS #2: risen
filtering with green letter: r
removed 25 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: ripen
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 13 words.
GUESS #3: showy
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: snowy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 58 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: saint
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: vital
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: attic
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 31 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 13 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: using
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: doing
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: going
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 103 words.
GUESS #2: heady
filtering with yellow letter: h
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: leach
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 492 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 16 words.
GUESS #2: youth
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: south
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: mouth
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 72 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 26 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: hound
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 38 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: pluck
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: clump
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with green letter: t
removed 39 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 10 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: tonal
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 41 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: pilot
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: bigot
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 30 words.
GUESS #2: risen
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: weird
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: peril
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 19 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: biome
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: pique
filtering with green letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: q
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: pixie
filtering with green letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: x
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: piece
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 74 words.
GUESS #2: shale
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: blaze
filtering with green letter: b
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: z
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: blade
filtering with green letter: b
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: blame
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 298 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 17 words.
GUESS #2: saute
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: haute
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 183 words.
GUESS #2: deign
filtering with yellow letter: d
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: spied
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 50 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: cumin
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: unzip
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: z
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: undid
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with green letter: i
removed 2275 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 26 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 2 words.
GUESS #2: intro
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 32 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 22 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 28 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: salvo
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: basal
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 168 words.
GUESS #2: singe
filtering with green letter: s
removed 37 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: spine
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: swine
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: shine
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 67 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 10 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: epoch
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: gecko
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 53 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 17 words.
GUESS #3: rodeo
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 401 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 11 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 18 words.
GUESS #2: shard
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: board
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: guard
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 31 words.
GUESS #2: outer
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: ether
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: steer
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 37 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 23 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: qualm
filtering with gray letter: q
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: m
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: loamy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 49 words.
GUESS #2: slack
filtering with green letter: s
removed 40 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 9 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 14 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: scamp
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 26 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 8 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 8 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: scrap
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: scram
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 25 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: below
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: cello
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: hello
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 16 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 11 words.
GUESS #3: jaunt
filtering with gray letter: j
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: gaunt
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: haunt
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: daunt
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #7: vaunt
correct! got it in 7 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 165 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: groan
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: organ
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 68 words.
GUESS #2: paler
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 9 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 20 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: regal
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: feral
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: chock
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: k
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: knock
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 118 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 11 words.
GUESS #2: later
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: extra
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 81 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 72 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 16 words.
GUESS #3: conch
filtering with green letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: condo
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 126 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 17 words.
GUESS #2: slant
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: adapt
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 88 words.
filtering with yellow letter: y
removed 30 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: filmy
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: silky
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: dilly
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: billy
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #7: hilly
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #8: willy
correct! got it in 8 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 111 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 97 words.
GUESS #2: manly
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 26 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 59 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 4 words.
GUESS #3: focal
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: polka
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with green letter: r
removed 47 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: rayon
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 68 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 7 words.
GUESS #2: shirt
filtering with green letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: skirt
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 354 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 71 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #2: vista
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: amity
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: faith
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 199 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 32 words.
GUESS #2: torus
filtering with green letter: t
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 7 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: s
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: torso
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 16 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 5 words.
GUESS #3: patch
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: watch
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: batch
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: c
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: match
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 12 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 18 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 3 words.
GUESS #3: decry
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 2 words.
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 6 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: mercy
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 73 words.
GUESS #2: fetid
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: tepid
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 273 words.
GUESS #2: olden
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 39 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 56 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 4 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: sleep
filtering with green letter: s
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
GUESS #4: sleek
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 19 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 30 words.
GUESS #2: risen
filtering with green letter: r
removed 25 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: riser
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 23 words.
GUESS #2: hoist
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 18 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 17 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 12 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: guilt
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: u
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: twixt
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 74 words.
GUESS #2: shale
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 10 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: knave
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: agape
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: p
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: peace
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 185 words.
GUESS #2: lousy
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 38 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 16 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: blush
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: plush
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: flush
correct! got it in 5 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 298 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 12 words.
GUESS #2: nasty
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: batty
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: patty
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: fatty
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: catty
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 113 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 91 words.
GUESS #2: lying
filtering with green letter: l
removed 122 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 5 words.
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: lingo
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: o
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: login
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 418 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 60 words.
GUESS #2: onset
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 15 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 7 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 17 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 6 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: cleft
filtering with yellow letter: c
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: eject
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 53 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: cower
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: w
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: hover
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: v
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: goner
filtering with yellow letter: g
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: roger
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 88 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 2 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 3 words.
GUESS #2: acrid
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 1 words.
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 4 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 5 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: hairy
filtering with gray letter: h
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: rival
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 183 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 95 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 247 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 78 words.
GUESS #2: utile
filtering with green letter: u
removed 7 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: untie
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with yellow letter: i
removed 1697 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 502 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 68 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 8 words.
GUESS #2: merit
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 3 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: i
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: refit
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 138 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 1 words.
GUESS #2: party
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: aorta
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 696 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 241 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 29 words.
GUESS #2: talon
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 16 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 22 words.
filtering with yellow letter: l
removed 9 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 6 words.
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: aptly
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: adult
correct! got it in 4 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 489 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 154 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 298 words.
GUESS #2: louse
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 29 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 27 words.
filtering with yellow letter: u
removed 13 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: nudge
filtering with gray letter: n
removed 4 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 2 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: budge
filtering with gray letter: b
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: fudge
filtering with gray letter: f
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: u
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: d
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: g
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: judge
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with gray letter: a
removed 192 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 67 words.
filtering with yellow letter: e
removed 99 words.
GUESS #2: loser
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 18 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 53 words.
filtering with gray letter: s
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1 words.
GUESS #3: cower
filtering with gray letter: c
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: w
removed 11 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: power
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: w
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: mower
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: o
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: w
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: rower
correct! got it in 6 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with green letter: r
removed 1471 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 165 words.
filtering with yellow letter: t
removed 23 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 3 words.
GUESS #2: artsy
correct! got it in 2 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with yellow letter: r
removed 1213 words.
filtering with yellow letter: a
removed 307 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 30 words.
filtering with gray letter: e
removed 54 words.
GUESS #2: royal
filtering with green letter: r
removed 47 words.
filtering with gray letter: o
removed 3 words.
filtering with gray letter: y
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 3 words.
filtering with green letter: l
removed 2 words.
GUESS #3: rural
correct! got it in 3 guesses!
GUESS #1: irate
filtering with gray letter: i
removed 646 words.
filtering with gray letter: r
removed 642 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 857 words.
filtering with gray letter: t
removed 51 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 74 words.
GUESS #2: shale
filtering with green letter: s
removed 28 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 5 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: l
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #3: shake
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: k
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #4: shame
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: m
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #5: shade
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: d
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #6: shape
filtering with green letter: s
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: h
removed 0 words.
filtering with green letter: a
removed 0 words.
filtering with gray letter: p
removed 1 words.
filtering with green letter: e
removed 0 words.
GUESS #7: shave
correct! got it in 7 guesses!
